n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden identity
n 8 hidden sigmoid
n 9 hidden relu
n 10 hidden gaussian
n 11 hidden sigmoid
n 12 hidden gaussian
n 13 hidden gaussian
n 14 hidden identity
n 15 hidden sine
n 16 hidden relu
n 17 hidden identity
n 18 hidden tanh
n 19 hidden sigmoid
n 20 hidden sine
n 21 hidden identity
n 22 hidden tanh
n 23 hidden sigmoid
n 24 hidden sigmoid
n 25 hidden gaussian
n 26 hidden tanh
n 27 hidden tanh
n 28 hidden sigmoid
n 29 hidden identity
n 30 hidden tanh
n 31 hidden gaussian
n 32 hidden sine
n 33 hidden sine
n 34 hidden relu
n 35 hidden identity
n 36 hidden relu
n 37 hidden sigmoid
n 38 hidden tanh
n 39 hidden gaussian
n 40 hidden sigmoid
n 41 hidden tanh
n 42 hidden sigmoid
n 43 hidden tanh
n 44 hidden tanh
n 45 hidden tanh
n 46 hidden gaussian
n 47 hidden relu
n 48 hidden sine
n 49 hidden gaussian
n 50 hidden identity
n 51 hidden relu
n 52 hidden sine
n 53 hidden gaussian
n 54 hidden identity
n 55 hidden identity
n 56 hidden gaussian
n 57 hidden sigmoid
n 58 hidden tanh
n 59 hidden relu
n 60 hidden gaussian
n 61 hidden relu
n 62 hidden sine
n 63 hidden sine
n 64 hidden identity
n 65 hidden sigmoid
n 66 hidden gaussian
n 67 hidden relu
n 68 hidden sigmoid
n 69 hidden sine
n 70 hidden tanh
n 71 hidden sigmoid
n 72 hidden sigmoid
n 73 hidden gaussian
n 74 hidden tanh
n 75 hidden tanh
n 76 hidden relu
n 77 hidden tanh
n 78 hidden gaussian
n 79 hidden sine
n 80 hidden sigmoid
n 81 hidden identity
n 82 hidden identity
n 83 hidden sine
n 84 hidden tanh
n 85 hidden relu
n 86 hidden gaussian
n 87 hidden gaussian
n 88 hidden sigmoid
n 89 hidden identity
n 90 hidden identity
n 91 hidden relu
n 92 hidden tanh
n 93 hidden tanh
n 94 hidden gaussian
n 95 hidden relu
n 96 hidden identity
n 97 hidden gaussian
n 98 hidden sigmoid
n 99 hidden identity
n 100 hidden sigmoid
n 101 hidden sine
n 102 hidden sigmoid
n 103 hidden identity
n 104 hidden identity
n 105 hidden sine
n 106 hidden sine
n 107 hidden identity
n 108 hidden sine
n 109 hidden relu
n 110 hidden sigmoid
n 111 hidden tanh
n 112 hidden gaussian
n 113 hidden sigmoid
n 114 hidden tanh
n 115 hidden sigmoid
n 116 hidden tanh
n 117 hidden tanh
n 118 hidden tanh
n 119 hidden gaussian
n 120 hidden relu
n 121 hidden sine
n 122 hidden gaussian
n 123 hidden identity
n 124 hidden relu
n 125 hidden sine
n 126 hidden gaussian
n 127 hidden identity
n 128 hidden identity
n 129 hidden gaussian
n 130 hidden gaussian
n 131 hidden identity
n 132 hidden gaussian
n 133 hidden relu
n 134 hidden identity
n 135 hidden gaussian
n 136 hidden tanh
n 137 hidden identity
n 138 hidden sigmoid
n 139 hidden identity
n 140 hidden identity
n 141 hidden tanh
n 142 hidden gaussian
n 143 hidden identity
n 144 hidden sigmoid
n 145 hidden relu
n 146 hidden gaussian
n 147 hidden sigmoid
n 148 hidden gaussian
n 149 hidden gaussian
n 150 hidden identity
n 151 hidden sine
n 152 hidden relu
n 153 hidden identity
n 154 hidden relu
n 155 hidden sine
n 156 hidden relu
n 157 hidden sigmoid
n 158 hidden tanh
n 159 hidden relu
n 160 hidden sine
n 161 hidden gaussian
n 162 hidden identity
n 163 hidden relu
n 164 hidden sine
n 165 hidden gaussian
n 166 hidden identity
n 167 hidden identity
n 168 hidden gaussian
n 169 hidden identity
n 170 hidden gaussian
n 171 hidden gaussian
n 172 hidden sine
n 173 hidden relu
e 0 7 0.239989
e 1 7 -0.802995
e 2 7 -0.850932
e 3 7 2.037079
e 7 4 -0.288808
e 7 5 -0.059734
e 7 6 0.035593
e 0 8 -0.083399
e 1 8 -0.253675
e 2 8 1.618071
e 3 8 0.368440
e 8 4 -0.053703
e 8 5 0.168874
e 8 6 0.229950
e 0 31 -15.174084
e 1 9 -20.642499
e 2 9 -12.151543
e 3 9 -1.248677
e 9 4 -0.976044
e 9 5 -0.095096
e 9 6 -0.156837
e 0 10 -1.170825
e 1 11 0.097481
e 2 10 1.868294
e 3 10 0.737365
e 10 4 0.958082
e 10 5 0.288258
e 10 6 -0.371205
e 11 10 1.263443
e 0 12 -0.056732
e 1 12 1.887122
e 2 12 1.184423
e 3 12 -2.134528
e 12 4 4.089310
e 12 5 0.313538
e 12 6 0.885339
e 0 13 2.299618
e 1 13 -0.239242
e 2 16 -0.926067
e 3 13 1.104928
e 13 4 1.698864
e 13 5 0.593039
e 13 6 1.966245
e 0 14 0.119722
e 1 14 0.332969
e 2 14 -1.070957
e 3 14 -0.227644
e 14 17 0.075713
e 14 5 -0.200559
e 14 6 0.067250
e 0 15 -1.197172
e 1 15 0.318239
e 2 15 0.985439
e 3 15 -0.336025
e 15 18 0.188209
e 15 5 -0.186950
e 15 6 -0.142567
e 16 13 1.286847
e 17 4 -0.106245
e 18 4 -0.900955
e 2 5 -0.528147
e 0 19 0.711181
e 1 19 1.031879
e 2 19 -0.331116
e 3 19 0.736190
e 19 4 -1.125532
e 19 5 0.288048
e 19 6 -0.237187
e 0 20 1.642552
e 1 20 -0.546010
e 2 20 0.080976
e 3 20 2.060964
e 20 4 -0.103973
e 20 5 -0.020793
e 20 6 -0.214521
e 0 21 0.091432
e 1 21 -0.075739
e 2 21 -0.933581
e 3 21 1.214658
e 21 4 -0.124981
e 21 5 -0.025825
e 21 6 -0.048645
e 0 22 0.798646
e 1 22 1.276767
e 2 22 0.075446
e 3 22 1.646667
e 22 4 0.700169
e 22 5 -0.461740
e 22 6 0.148751
e 0 23 -2.477627
e 1 23 -0.797125
e 2 23 6.798582
e 3 27 -0.742091
e 23 4 0.391965
e 23 5 0.149861
e 23 6 0.102234
e 0 24 -0.299161
e 1 24 0.583026
e 2 24 0.067483
e 3 24 1.041633
e 24 28 -0.661982
e 24 5 -0.561562
e 24 29 -0.411778
e 0 25 0.947738
e 1 30 1.231655
e 2 25 0.340131
e 3 25 -0.285307
e 25 4 0.001038
e 25 5 -0.590020
e 25 6 0.571629
e 0 26 0.144454
e 1 26 0.559671
e 2 26 -1.694824
e 3 26 -1.857104
e 26 4 -0.251707
e 26 5 -1.036212
e 26 6 -0.882009
e 27 23 0.972413
e 28 4 0.084488
e 29 6 0.894710
e 30 25 -0.044789
e 31 9 -0.280436
e 0 32 -0.906589
e 1 32 1.625223
e 2 32 2.371581
e 3 32 -0.496704
e 32 4 0.060716
e 32 5 -0.007959
e 32 6 0.077748
e 0 33 -0.945418
e 1 36 1.388778
e 2 33 -0.142157
e 3 33 -0.277561
e 33 58 0.415550
e 33 5 0.063237
e 33 6 -0.001681
e 0 34 -10.584364
e 1 34 -7.080053
e 2 34 -2.428769
e 3 34 -0.304750
e 34 4 -0.182994
e 34 5 0.067606
e 34 6 0.213730
e 0 35 0.624148
e 1 35 0.393181
e 2 35 -1.715137
e 3 35 -0.073694
e 35 4 0.058661
e 35 5 -0.065722
e 35 6 0.037096
e 36 33 -0.994112
e 0 37 0.467748
e 1 37 0.605843
e 2 37 0.267404
e 3 37 -0.739498
e 37 4 0.453751
e 37 5 0.721586
e 37 6 0.009392
e 0 38 -0.211828
e 1 38 0.509151
e 2 38 -0.737063
e 3 38 -0.699880
e 38 4 0.427029
e 38 5 0.419875
e 38 6 -0.188993
e 0 39 -0.421538
e 1 39 0.359025
e 2 39 2.530398
e 3 39 2.069120
e 39 4 -1.382829
e 39 5 -0.689050
e 39 6 0.976378
e 0 40 -0.212714
e 1 40 0.272272
e 2 40 0.923938
e 3 40 -0.612815
e 40 4 -0.207322
e 40 5 -0.311782
e 40 6 0.140996
e 0 41 -1.394255
e 1 45 -0.732307
e 2 41 -2.495691
e 3 41 1.221586
e 41 4 -1.033466
e 41 5 0.345290
e 41 6 0.418449
e 0 42 0.386056
e 1 42 1.093622
e 2 42 1.035837
e 3 42 0.208425
e 42 4 -0.893368
e 42 5 1.579843
e 42 46 0.946104
e 0 43 -0.805257
e 1 43 -0.631349
e 2 43 1.640034
e 3 43 -0.136469
e 43 4 0.378579
e 43 5 -0.035635
e 43 6 0.124868
e 0 44 0.504766
e 1 44 1.277728
e 2 44 0.597737
e 3 44 -0.177442
e 44 4 0.846233
e 44 5 -1.247464
e 44 6 -0.330996
e 45 41 1.403402
e 46 6 1.027124
e 41 39 0.826858
e 0 47 -13.401727
e 1 47 -17.913370
e 2 47 -8.255740
e 3 47 -3.031941
e 47 4 -0.501795
e 47 5 -0.090382
e 47 6 0.034108
e 0 48 -2.307122
e 1 48 -0.083285
e 2 48 0.103809
e 3 48 0.300209
e 48 4 -0.482601
e 48 173 -0.194843
e 48 6 -0.056230
e 0 49 -0.030808
e 1 49 1.956076
e 2 49 0.531103
e 3 49 -0.971309
e 49 4 2.810759
e 49 5 0.412852
e 49 6 0.517564
e 0 50 -0.115988
e 1 57 -0.555741
e 2 50 -1.004040
e 3 50 1.523722
e 50 4 -0.412675
e 50 5 -0.103051
e 50 6 -0.067003
e 0 51 -13.401727
e 1 51 -17.913370
e 2 51 -8.255740
e 3 51 -3.031941
e 51 4 -0.501795
e 51 5 -0.090382
e 51 6 0.034108
e 0 52 -1.917766
e 1 52 -0.182085
e 2 52 -0.913450
e 3 52 0.147706
e 52 4 -0.552929
e 52 5 0.062968
e 52 55 -0.095252
e 0 56 -0.410141
e 1 53 1.161076
e 2 53 0.864422
e 3 53 -0.834151
e 53 4 2.659233
e 53 5 0.333528
e 53 6 0.362866
e 0 54 0.186915
e 1 54 -0.613580
e 2 54 -0.979883
e 3 54 1.694175
e 54 4 -0.264486
e 54 5 -0.053425
e 54 6 -0.016406
e 55 6 -0.914203
e 56 53 -0.864812
e 50 54 -0.632606
e 57 50 0.336840
e 58 4 0.488942
e 57 29 -2.971428
e 0 64 -2893.213392
e 1 63 48.894643
e 2 59 -44.486066
e 3 59 -9.727718
e 59 4 -0.787953
e 59 5 0.153102
e 59 6 0.208559
e 0 60 0.027830
e 1 60 -0.022783
e 2 60 2.481792
e 3 60 1.233478
e 60 4 -1.120549
e 60 5 -0.478112
e 60 6 -0.314726
e 0 61 -2.171491
e 1 61 -0.486190
e 2 61 5.097928
e 3 61 -2.928957
e 61 65 0.991490
e 61 5 0.107466
e 61 6 0.140518
e 0 62 0.895930
e 1 62 -0.191001
e 2 62 -0.917250
e 3 62 -1.558390
e 62 4 0.275810
e 62 5 0.039821
e 62 6 0.062370
e 63 59 -3.595860
e 64 59 2893.212821
e 63 61 -0.399613
e 65 4 0.421874
e 0 66 1.870690
e 1 76 0.349564
e 2 66 0.004359
e 3 66 -0.843367
e 66 4 0.925847
e 66 5 1.208649
e 66 6 -0.570078
e 0 82 -11.897062
e 1 67 -13.716623
e 2 67 -22.324995
e 3 67 -3.381930
e 67 4 -0.037190
e 67 5 -0.879172
e 67 6 -0.514521
e 0 68 0.351250
e 1 68 1.267338
e 2 68 -0.090274
e 3 68 1.718099
e 68 4 0.427579
e 68 5 0.254493
e 68 77 0.484802
e 0 70 2.585083
e 1 69 1.065004
e 2 69 -0.893759
e 3 69 -2.116598
e 69 4 -0.121330
e 69 5 -0.033491
e 69 6 -0.240811
e 70 69 -1.968018
e 0 71 -2.286883
e 1 71 -0.617104
e 2 71 5.702302
e 3 75 -0.725928
e 71 4 0.122473
e 71 5 -0.064707
e 71 6 0.134400
e 0 72 -0.183017
e 1 72 1.152237
e 2 72 -0.507979
e 3 72 1.074018
e 72 4 0.136343
e 72 5 0.018658
e 72 85 -0.267087
e 0 73 1.244701
e 1 73 1.047295
e 2 73 0.091706
e 3 73 -0.327609
e 73 4 0.055747
e 73 5 -0.750097
e 73 6 0.588277
e 0 74 0.389323
e 1 74 0.493593
e 2 74 -2.695302
e 3 74 -1.590865
e 74 4 -1.569924
e 74 5 -0.386354
e 74 6 -0.374314
e 75 71 0.387375
e 76 66 -0.481922
e 3 4 -1.643398
e 77 6 0.314977
e 75 74 0.398305
e 0 78 2.816861
e 1 78 1.126832
e 2 78 -1.408111
e 3 78 -2.551317
e 78 4 2.344096
e 78 5 0.091918
e 78 6 -0.343438
e 0 79 1.015497
e 1 79 -1.295935
e 2 83 0.542277
e 3 79 0.226331
e 79 4 0.484611
e 79 5 0.003407
e 79 6 -0.035419
e 0 80 0.369477
e 1 80 -0.218143
e 2 80 -0.439430
e 3 80 0.073228
e 80 84 -0.572622
e 80 5 0.396409
e 80 6 0.069623
e 0 81 0.385755
e 1 81 -0.619550
e 2 81 -1.064040
e 3 81 1.661677
e 81 4 -0.191695
e 81 5 -0.047078
e 81 6 0.021164
e 82 67 11.818847
e 80 69 1.072500
e 83 79 -1.335721
e 2 76 0.238348
e 84 4 -0.456166
e 85 6 -0.255457
e 73 68 0.092196
e 0 86 0.820833
e 1 86 -0.148715
e 2 86 0.752048
e 3 86 -0.127161
e 86 4 -2.192062
e 86 5 0.001160
e 86 6 -0.016781
e 0 87 1.198300
e 1 87 1.581304
e 2 87 -0.051796
e 3 87 -0.522730
e 87 4 0.105093
e 87 5 1.054285
e 87 6 -1.699122
e 0 88 -20.572567
e 1 88 -10.891716
e 2 88 -4.528998
e 3 88 -6.851721
e 88 4 0.257792
e 88 5 0.058738
e 88 90 -1.146644
e 0 89 -0.612258
e 1 89 0.121323
e 2 89 1.055326
e 3 89 -0.231504
e 89 91 0.699504
e 89 5 -0.023333
e 89 6 -0.006670
e 90 6 0.102874
e 2 90 0.684963
e 91 4 0.121317
e 0 92 -1.065088
e 1 92 0.098283
e 2 92 1.030507
e 3 92 0.222348
e 92 4 -0.967423
e 92 5 -0.228713
e 92 6 -0.104678
e 0 93 1.142477
e 1 93 0.464975
e 2 93 1.390256
e 3 93 1.018221
e 93 4 0.773254
e 93 5 0.748351
e 93 6 -0.188015
e 0 94 0.956651
e 1 94 -0.283059
e 2 94 1.695525
e 3 94 0.588290
e 94 4 1.832049
e 94 5 1.573346
e 94 6 -0.340063
e 0 95 -36.934018
e 1 95 -7.156437
e 2 95 -32.085410
e 3 96 2.071580
e 95 4 -0.305371
e 95 5 -0.642404
e 95 6 0.397765
e 96 95 -2.316226
e 0 97 0.691077
e 1 97 0.838396
e 2 97 -1.192917
e 3 97 1.996045
e 97 4 -0.372789
e 97 5 0.309973
e 97 6 -0.473261
e 0 98 0.155400
e 1 98 -0.006396
e 2 101 1.515552
e 3 98 1.412088
e 98 4 -0.386755
e 98 5 -0.142604
e 98 6 -0.091723
e 0 99 0.577487
e 1 99 -0.219153
e 2 99 -1.078905
e 3 99 0.314707
e 99 4 -0.044538
e 99 5 -0.005405
e 99 6 -0.032106
e 0 100 -1.155597
e 1 100 0.607450
e 2 100 0.571378
e 3 100 0.490887
e 100 4 0.302096
e 100 5 0.196716
e 100 6 -0.063401
e 101 102 -1.668295
e 102 98 0.671734
e 0 103 -0.069181
e 1 103 0.072799
e 2 103 1.000462
e 3 103 -1.375772
e 103 4 0.142338
e 103 5 0.104176
e 103 107 -0.154562
e 0 104 0.184018
e 1 104 -0.090553
e 2 104 -0.834258
e 3 104 0.852859
e 104 4 -0.086486
e 104 5 -0.002895
e 104 6 -0.049224
e 0 105 1.759431
e 1 105 2.933661
e 2 105 -1.410587
e 3 108 -0.506274
e 105 4 0.115713
e 105 131 0.183961
e 105 6 -0.084303
e 0 106 -3.451485
e 1 106 -3.701177
e 2 106 0.372069
e 3 109 -2.072512
e 106 4 -0.041346
e 106 5 0.030609
e 106 6 0.000262
e 107 6 1.121099
e 108 105 0.705555
e 109 106 -0.377655
e 105 109 -0.337388
e 0 110 0.454667
e 1 110 0.592357
e 2 110 0.266224
e 3 110 -0.742700
e 110 4 0.358249
e 110 5 0.685232
e 110 6 -0.069139
e 0 111 -0.161352
e 1 111 0.518554
e 2 111 -0.716613
e 3 111 -0.731946
e 111 4 0.496797
e 111 5 -0.046668
e 111 6 -0.266239
e 0 112 -0.459507
e 1 112 0.272035
e 2 112 2.570079
e 3 112 2.176327
e 112 4 -1.154582
e 112 5 -1.051951
e 112 6 0.633235
e 0 113 -0.198648
e 1 113 0.256162
e 2 113 1.071144
e 3 113 -0.778297
e 113 4 -0.680348
e 113 5 -0.391239
e 113 6 0.095886
e 0 114 -1.383692
e 1 118 -0.732760
e 2 114 -2.494020
e 3 114 1.234455
e 114 4 -0.933288
e 114 5 0.392305
e 114 6 0.504549
e 0 115 0.366237
e 1 115 1.060844
e 2 115 1.028189
e 3 115 0.206369
e 115 4 -0.993546
e 115 5 1.532828
e 115 119 0.955297
e 0 116 -0.775526
e 1 116 -0.698443
e 2 116 1.685486
e 3 116 -0.037245
e 116 4 0.592630
e 116 5 -0.021441
e 116 6 0.026138
e 0 117 0.505395
e 1 117 1.325923
e 2 117 0.578914
e 3 117 -0.186633
e 117 4 0.746051
e 117 5 -1.294479
e 117 6 -0.417095
e 118 114 1.389854
e 119 6 1.004816
e 114 112 0.719652
e 0 120 -15.094234
e 1 120 -20.084380
e 2 120 -9.779717
e 3 120 -3.456715
e 120 4 -0.601973
e 120 5 -0.137397
e 120 6 -0.051993
e 0 121 -2.184952
e 1 121 0.381160
e 2 121 -1.232323
e 3 121 0.103731
e 121 4 0.050921
e 121 5 -0.095089
e 121 6 -0.015583
e 0 122 -0.290670
e 1 122 1.898611
e 2 122 1.123909
e 3 122 -1.449895
e 122 4 3.239280
e 122 5 0.543321
e 122 6 0.516941
e 0 123 0.222606
e 1 123 -0.619755
e 2 123 -1.059245
e 3 123 1.778352
e 123 4 -0.498811
e 123 5 -0.062477
e 123 6 0.012815
e 0 124 -11.509642
e 1 124 -16.286819
e 2 124 -7.594484
e 3 124 -2.706953
e 124 130 -0.702650
e 124 5 -0.137397
e 124 6 -0.051993
e 0 125 -1.682310
e 1 125 0.250625
e 2 125 -1.070522
e 3 125 0.069796
e 125 4 0.455399
e 125 5 -0.151875
e 125 128 0.203598
e 0 129 -0.491093
e 1 126 0.621146
e 2 126 1.237664
e 3 126 -1.285159
e 126 4 3.082417
e 126 5 0.503124
e 126 6 0.417233
e 0 127 0.349738
e 1 127 -0.870759
e 2 127 -1.224453
e 3 127 1.838737
e 127 4 -0.264280
e 127 5 -0.034065
e 127 6 -0.000951
e 128 6 -0.921354
e 129 126 -0.830139
e 123 127 -1.014531
e 130 4 -0.840631
e 131 5 -0.398590
e 120 122 0.564547
e 0 132 0.191582
e 1 132 -0.066622
e 2 132 -0.131519
e 3 132 2.203480
e 132 4 -0.179349
e 132 138 -1.413431
e 132 6 1.888485
e 0 133 -1.491655
e 1 133 -1.375199
e 2 133 0.489788
e 3 133 -0.454522
e 133 4 -0.101418
e 133 5 -0.002906
e 133 6 0.022191
e 0 134 0.011681
e 1 134 0.216725
e 2 137 1.221689
e 3 134 -2.056655
e 134 4 0.160045
e 134 5 0.049183
e 134 6 -0.071735
e 0 135 -0.054236
e 1 135 0.789939
e 2 135 1.062522
e 3 135 -0.116563
e 135 4 1.116842
e 135 5 -0.357325
e 135 136 1.195620
e 136 6 -0.127377
e 1 5 0.156948
e 137 134 0.827520
e 138 5 -0.705883
e 0 139 -0.176060
e 1 139 0.026376
e 2 139 0.110095
e 3 139 0.304803
e 139 4 -0.026159
e 139 5 -0.050015
e 139 6 0.089740
e 0 140 0.175223
e 1 140 -0.672743
e 2 140 -1.256427
e 3 140 2.650456
e 140 4 -0.296884
e 140 5 -0.016672
e 140 6 -0.053143
e 0 141 1.214573
e 1 141 -0.365150
e 2 141 -1.241920
e 3 141 -0.420082
e 141 4 0.806883
e 141 5 0.077420
e 141 6 0.109236
e 0 142 1.165472
e 1 142 -1.168435
e 2 142 0.875484
e 3 142 -0.347570
e 142 4 0.979092
e 142 5 0.031691
e 142 6 -0.480310
e 0 143 0.369134
e 1 143 -0.493046
e 2 143 -0.843872
e 3 143 1.127527
e 143 4 -0.138962
e 143 5 -0.030818
e 143 6 0.011181
e 0 144 -0.065256
e 1 144 -0.303737
e 2 144 1.662444
e 3 144 0.362091
e 144 4 -0.319322
e 144 5 0.110778
e 144 6 0.143728
e 0 145 -15.879544
e 1 145 -17.205370
e 2 145 -11.181598
e 3 145 -1.319444
e 145 4 -0.966663
e 145 5 -0.328439
e 145 6 -0.044488
e 0 146 -0.950029
e 1 147 0.102896
e 2 146 2.035599
e 3 146 0.828053
e 146 4 0.375972
e 146 5 0.815730
e 146 6 0.104822
e 147 146 1.353353
e 0 148 0.066972
e 1 148 2.085293
e 2 148 1.173175
e 3 148 -2.792318
e 148 4 4.601320
e 148 5 0.348536
e 148 6 0.616465
e 0 149 2.304675
e 1 149 -0.222002
e 2 152 -0.887164
e 3 149 1.113601
e 149 4 1.689399
e 149 5 0.584992
e 149 6 1.965748
e 0 150 0.273929
e 1 150 0.192739
e 2 150 -0.832936
e 3 150 -0.259279
e 150 153 -0.090258
e 150 5 -0.100952
e 150 6 0.132587
e 0 151 -1.740211
e 1 151 0.079936
e 2 151 1.282604
e 3 151 -0.487418
e 151 4 -0.191295
e 151 5 -0.309340
e 151 6 -0.130440
e 152 149 1.295260
e 153 4 -0.219960
e 145 142 -0.389833
e 0 158 -0.525411
e 1 154 -1.526870
e 2 154 1.246530
e 3 154 -1.918194
e 154 4 0.438461
e 154 5 0.065907
e 154 6 0.107388
e 0 155 1.069287
e 1 155 -1.167790
e 2 155 -0.013686
e 3 155 -1.291676
e 155 4 0.541823
e 155 5 0.126325
e 155 6 0.052644
e 0 156 -0.983740
e 1 156 -0.332603
e 2 156 0.504473
e 3 156 -0.464810
e 156 4 0.343642
e 156 5 0.086455
e 156 6 0.053435
e 0 157 -0.231503
e 1 157 0.287942
e 2 157 0.375967
e 3 157 0.419727
e 157 4 -0.088106
e 157 5 -0.065942
e 157 6 -0.150756
e 158 154 1.518751
e 0 159 -13.049662
e 1 159 -17.306379
e 2 159 -8.024023
e 3 159 -3.025605
e 159 4 -0.492487
e 159 5 -0.042196
e 159 172 0.045209
e 0 160 -1.932307
e 1 160 0.606451
e 2 160 -0.902905
e 3 160 -0.130149
e 160 4 0.375028
e 160 5 -0.013403
e 160 6 -0.008548
e 0 161 0.006075
e 1 161 1.356483
e 2 161 0.823658
e 3 161 -0.874464
e 161 4 2.683829
e 161 5 0.469463
e 161 6 0.392704
e 0 162 0.255240
e 1 162 -0.461858
e 2 162 -0.949095
e 3 162 1.546298
e 162 4 -0.179567
e 162 5 -0.016540
e 162 6 -0.027253
e 0 163 -12.774627
e 1 163 -17.170062
e 2 163 -7.927610
e 3 163 -2.976752
e 163 4 -0.492487
e 163 169 -0.042925
e 163 6 0.056326
e 0 164 -2.294645
e 1 164 0.027228
e 2 168 -0.838900
e 3 170 -0.119251
e 164 4 -0.754709
e 164 5 0.112353
e 164 167 -0.009290
e 0 165 0.291325
e 1 165 1.639404
e 2 171 0.804456
e 3 165 -0.529366
e 165 4 2.347266
e 165 5 0.378710
e 165 6 0.355082
e 0 166 0.255240
e 1 166 -0.461858
e 2 166 -0.949095
e 3 166 1.546298
e 166 4 -0.179567
e 166 5 -0.016540
e 166 6 -0.027253
e 167 6 -0.892755
e 168 164 -0.146495
e 161 168 0.925091
e 169 5 0.625023
e 170 164 0.351587
e 168 169 0.565864
e 171 165 0.618281
e 153 164 0.256884
e 139 147 -1.127744
e 172 6 0.258510
e 135 82 1.414647
e 173 5 -0.550600
e 93 30 -0.513735
