n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden relu
n 8 hidden relu
n 9 hidden tanh
n 10 hidden sine
n 11 hidden sine
n 12 hidden gaussian
n 13 hidden sigmoid
n 14 hidden identity
n 15 hidden sigmoid
n 16 hidden sine
n 17 hidden sigmoid
n 18 hidden relu
n 19 hidden gaussian
n 20 hidden sine
n 21 hidden sigmoid
n 22 hidden identity
n 23 hidden gaussian
n 24 hidden gaussian
n 25 hidden identity
n 26 hidden identity
n 27 hidden sine
n 28 hidden sine
n 29 hidden identity
n 30 hidden sine
n 31 hidden relu
n 32 hidden gaussian
n 33 hidden identity
n 34 hidden sine
n 35 hidden sigmoid
n 36 hidden sigmoid
n 37 hidden sine
n 38 hidden gaussian
n 39 hidden sigmoid
n 40 hidden sigmoid
n 41 hidden tanh
n 42 hidden sigmoid
n 43 hidden tanh
n 44 hidden tanh
n 45 hidden tanh
n 46 hidden sigmoid
n 47 hidden tanh
n 48 hidden tanh
n 49 hidden identity
n 50 hidden gaussian
n 51 hidden identity
n 52 hidden sine
n 53 hidden sigmoid
n 54 hidden sine
n 55 hidden gaussian
n 56 hidden relu
n 57 hidden gaussian
n 58 hidden gaussian
n 59 hidden sigmoid
n 60 hidden identity
n 61 hidden identity
n 62 hidden relu
n 63 hidden sigmoid
n 64 hidden relu
n 65 hidden relu
n 66 hidden relu
n 67 hidden relu
n 68 hidden gaussian
n 69 hidden gaussian
n 70 hidden sigmoid
n 71 hidden identity
n 72 hidden identity
n 73 hidden sigmoid
n 74 hidden tanh
n 75 hidden tanh
n 76 hidden sine
n 77 hidden sine
n 78 hidden sigmoid
n 79 hidden relu
n 80 hidden sine
n 81 hidden gaussian
n 82 hidden sigmoid
n 83 hidden gaussian
n 84 hidden gaussian
n 85 hidden sigmoid
n 86 hidden identity
n 87 hidden identity
n 88 hidden sigmoid
n 89 hidden identity
n 90 hidden tanh
n 91 hidden sigmoid
n 92 hidden sine
n 93 hidden relu
n 94 hidden sine
n 95 hidden sine
n 96 hidden identity
n 97 hidden gaussian
n 98 hidden identity
n 99 hidden sine
n 100 hidden sigmoid
n 101 hidden sine
n 102 hidden gaussian
n 103 hidden sine
n 104 hidden sine
n 105 hidden relu
n 106 hidden identity
n 107 hidden relu
n 108 hidden sigmoid
n 109 hidden tanh
n 110 hidden gaussian
n 111 hidden sigmoid
n 112 hidden tanh
n 113 hidden sigmoid
n 114 hidden tanh
n 115 hidden tanh
n 116 hidden tanh
n 117 hidden gaussian
n 118 hidden relu
n 119 hidden sine
n 120 hidden gaussian
n 121 hidden identity
n 122 hidden relu
n 123 hidden sine
n 124 hidden gaussian
n 125 hidden identity
n 126 hidden identity
n 127 hidden gaussian
n 128 hidden gaussian
n 129 hidden sine
n 130 hidden sigmoid
n 131 hidden gaussian
n 132 hidden tanh
n 133 hidden tanh
n 134 hidden sine
n 135 hidden sigmoid
n 136 hidden tanh
n 137 hidden gaussian
n 138 hidden sigmoid
n 139 hidden tanh
n 140 hidden sigmoid
n 141 hidden tanh
n 142 hidden tanh
n 143 hidden tanh
n 144 hidden gaussian
n 145 hidden relu
n 146 hidden sine
n 147 hidden gaussian
n 148 hidden identity
n 149 hidden relu
n 150 hidden sine
n 151 hidden gaussian
n 152 hidden identity
n 153 hidden identity
n 154 hidden gaussian
n 155 hidden gaussian
n 156 hidden tanh
n 157 hidden tanh
n 158 hidden sine
n 159 hidden relu
n 160 hidden relu
n 161 hidden sine
n 162 hidden identity
n 163 hidden tanh
n 164 hidden relu
n 165 hidden sigmoid
n 166 hidden identity
n 167 hidden identity
n 168 hidden identity
n 169 hidden sigmoid
n 170 hidden relu
n 171 hidden gaussian
n 172 hidden sigmoid
n 173 hidden gaussian
n 174 hidden gaussian
n 175 hidden identity
n 176 hidden sine
n 177 hidden relu
n 178 hidden identity
n 179 hidden tanh
n 180 hidden sigmoid
n 181 hidden sine
n 182 hidden identity
n 183 hidden tanh
n 184 hidden sigmoid
n 185 hidden sigmoid
n 186 hidden gaussian
n 187 hidden tanh
n 188 hidden tanh
n 189 hidden sigmoid
n 190 hidden identity
n 191 hidden tanh
n 192 hidden gaussian
n 193 hidden sine
n 194 hidden sine
n 195 hidden relu
n 196 hidden identity
n 197 hidden relu
n 198 hidden sigmoid
n 199 hidden tanh
n 200 hidden gaussian
n 201 hidden sigmoid
n 202 hidden tanh
n 203 hidden sigmoid
n 204 hidden tanh
n 205 hidden tanh
n 206 hidden tanh
n 207 hidden gaussian
n 208 hidden relu
n 209 hidden sine
n 210 hidden gaussian
n 211 hidden identity
n 212 hidden relu
n 213 hidden sine
n 214 hidden gaussian
n 215 hidden identity
n 216 hidden identity
n 217 hidden gaussian
n 218 hidden sigmoid
n 219 hidden sigmoid
n 220 hidden sine
n 221 hidden sine
n 222 hidden identity
n 223 hidden identity
n 224 hidden tanh
n 225 hidden tanh
n 226 hidden identity
n 227 hidden sigmoid
n 228 hidden gaussian
n 229 hidden relu
n 230 hidden tanh
e 0 7 -6.050868
e 1 24 -10.107683
e 2 7 -2.757648
e 3 7 -2.063673
e 7 4 0.589357
e 7 11 1.730105
e 7 6 0.372786
e 0 8 -6.036577
e 1 8 -17.247632
e 2 8 3.835098
e 3 8 -3.066752
e 8 4 0.075745
e 8 5 -0.040554
e 8 6 0.089611
e 0 9 0.334746
e 1 9 -0.071565
e 2 9 0.821399
e 3 9 -2.188110
e 9 4 0.674658
e 9 5 0.074134
e 9 6 0.037415
e 0 10 -0.812283
e 1 10 -5.242488
e 2 10 -1.257600
e 3 10 -1.566173
e 10 4 0.164762
e 10 5 0.032694
e 10 6 0.056691
e 11 5 0.489306
e 11 8 -2.279444
e 10 11 -0.040485
e 0 12 0.522888
e 1 12 1.056448
e 2 12 -1.355503
e 3 12 1.914028
e 12 4 0.763276
e 12 5 0.145197
e 12 6 -0.583276
e 0 13 0.192352
e 1 13 -0.048023
e 2 16 1.991960
e 3 13 1.410867
e 13 4 -0.563195
e 13 5 -0.240944
e 13 6 -0.115557
e 0 18 -4.639892
e 1 14 0.512222
e 2 14 -0.474085
e 3 14 0.494342
e 14 4 0.200758
e 14 5 -0.017696
e 14 6 -0.104185
e 0 15 -0.628746
e 1 15 0.748458
e 2 15 0.322387
e 3 15 0.437800
e 15 4 0.099042
e 15 5 -0.024597
e 15 6 0.197447
e 16 17 -1.672309
e 17 13 0.686794
e 18 14 -0.686485
e 0 19 0.080891
e 1 19 2.413485
e 2 19 0.533577
e 3 19 -2.434354
e 19 4 2.407891
e 19 5 0.031255
e 19 6 -0.450267
e 0 20 0.527453
e 1 20 -3.099700
e 2 20 1.696958
e 3 20 -0.066247
e 20 228 0.024513
e 20 5 0.122172
e 20 6 0.084341
e 0 21 0.898309
e 1 21 -0.093814
e 2 21 -0.623136
e 3 21 0.050670
e 21 4 0.165064
e 21 23 0.138724
e 21 6 -0.033857
e 0 22 0.189414
e 1 22 -0.304780
e 2 22 -0.957986
e 3 22 1.417192
e 22 4 -0.151357
e 22 5 -0.014839
e 22 6 -0.019793
e 23 5 -0.785688
e 16 21 -2.414724
e 24 7 0.194977
e 0 25 0.031546
e 1 25 0.244945
e 2 33 1.238306
e 3 25 -1.612746
e 25 4 0.117882
e 25 5 0.045230
e 25 29 -0.016537
e 0 160 0.076821
e 1 26 -0.029505
e 2 26 -0.718156
e 3 26 0.810339
e 26 4 -0.047153
e 26 5 0.009141
e 26 6 -0.058922
e 0 27 1.694358
e 1 27 3.076359
e 2 27 -1.343731
e 3 30 -0.629906
e 27 4 0.301035
e 27 5 -0.081828
e 27 6 -0.063564
e 0 28 -3.717031
e 1 28 -4.142109
e 2 28 0.168473
e 3 31 -2.049880
e 28 4 -0.292970
e 28 32 0.304535
e 28 6 0.034301
e 29 6 1.019044
e 30 27 0.799765
e 31 28 -0.665676
e 27 31 -0.332933
e 32 5 0.398211
e 0 31 0.561581
e 33 25 0.505993
e 0 34 -3.887533
e 1 34 -2.404622
e 2 34 -4.483314
e 3 34 -0.025156
e 34 4 -0.266067
e 34 5 -0.051569
e 34 6 -0.011187
e 0 39 -0.113780
e 1 35 -0.611935
e 2 35 2.887926
e 3 35 -0.841432
e 35 4 -0.723401
e 35 5 0.022067
e 35 6 0.249270
e 0 36 0.168606
e 1 40 0.535682
e 2 36 0.524942
e 3 36 -0.550881
e 36 4 -0.093963
e 36 5 0.095406
e 36 6 -0.009362
e 0 37 2.855024
e 1 37 -0.593395
e 2 37 -3.764478
e 3 37 0.663559
e 37 4 0.122336
e 37 5 -0.042593
e 37 6 0.024358
e 38 36 0.991987
e 39 35 -1.926363
e 40 38 2.074822
e 34 37 0.857362
e 0 41 -2.407100
e 1 41 -2.031419
e 2 41 -4.065623
e 3 41 1.252746
e 41 4 -0.633412
e 41 5 0.389083
e 41 6 0.561969
e 0 42 -0.033937
e 1 42 0.698649
e 2 42 0.522109
e 3 42 0.199720
e 42 4 -1.298868
e 42 5 1.534960
e 42 6 0.829371
e 0 43 -1.211505
e 1 63 -0.268442
e 2 43 1.737817
e 3 43 -0.472178
e 43 133 -0.595362
e 43 5 -0.063002
e 43 6 -0.078740
e 0 44 1.095641
e 1 44 1.705601
e 2 56 1.442999
e 3 44 -0.181894
e 44 4 0.073430
e 44 5 -1.120376
e 44 6 -0.761164
e 0 45 -2.411628
e 1 45 -2.022623
e 2 45 -4.070407
e 3 45 1.255704
e 45 4 -0.598509
e 45 5 0.321554
e 45 6 0.448558
e 0 46 -0.029454
e 1 46 0.706990
e 2 46 0.523562
e 3 46 0.202007
e 46 4 -1.333147
e 46 5 1.602622
e 46 6 0.942809
e 0 47 -0.204756
e 1 47 -0.581297
e 2 47 2.170167
e 3 47 -0.364444
e 47 4 -0.744175
e 47 5 -0.137562
e 47 6 -0.157024
e 0 48 1.089760
e 1 48 1.686898
e 2 48 1.416954
e 3 48 -0.225252
e 48 4 0.411283
e 48 5 -1.223717
e 48 6 -0.361101
e 0 49 0.005036
e 1 49 0.330040
e 2 49 0.465558
e 3 49 -1.420761
e 49 4 0.131673
e 49 5 0.029388
e 49 6 -0.004669
e 0 50 1.104948
e 1 50 -1.044893
e 2 50 0.947572
e 3 50 0.161067
e 50 4 -1.332040
e 50 5 0.215207
e 50 6 0.924180
e 0 51 -0.368551
e 1 51 0.062000
e 2 51 0.828735
e 3 55 -1.479423
e 51 4 0.059363
e 51 5 -0.004160
e 51 6 -0.034649
e 0 52 -3.710302
e 1 53 -0.889535
e 2 52 -1.385018
e 3 52 -0.402977
e 52 54 -0.381096
e 52 5 -0.110534
e 52 159 -0.119087
e 53 52 -1.291763
e 54 4 1.000398
e 55 51 -0.396627
e 56 44 -0.350180
e 1 36 0.328046
e 0 57 0.615477
e 1 57 -0.064120
e 2 57 0.722956
e 3 57 -0.132844
e 57 4 -2.182645
e 57 5 -0.152290
e 57 6 -0.075436
e 0 58 1.231296
e 1 58 1.576416
e 2 58 -0.056260
e 3 132 -0.538907
e 58 4 0.039099
e 58 5 1.014254
e 58 6 -1.722784
e 0 59 -19.976579
e 1 59 -10.586744
e 2 59 -4.358227
e 3 59 -6.769159
e 59 4 0.257792
e 59 5 0.058738
e 59 61 -1.146644
e 0 60 -0.552681
e 1 60 0.257827
e 2 60 0.780134
e 3 60 -0.100116
e 60 62 0.584397
e 60 5 -0.053649
e 60 6 -0.048667
e 61 6 0.212916
e 2 61 0.646385
e 62 4 0.232939
e 63 43 0.052750
e 0 64 -8.436488
e 1 64 -5.269142
e 2 64 -0.600273
e 3 64 -2.789773
e 64 4 0.047481
e 64 5 -0.115687
e 64 6 -0.080376
e 0 65 -4.828085
e 1 65 -3.292663
e 2 65 -3.880189
e 3 65 -4.477122
e 65 4 0.136309
e 65 5 0.621750
e 65 6 -0.292137
e 0 66 -18.136997
e 1 229 -17.798631
e 2 66 -15.316569
e 3 66 -1.325531
e 66 4 -0.321303
e 66 5 -0.558190
e 66 6 0.245475
e 0 67 -2.458640
e 1 67 -0.888966
e 2 67 3.893891
e 3 67 -1.592653
e 67 4 -0.109516
e 67 5 -0.029502
e 67 6 0.028057
e 67 64 -2.397687
e 0 68 0.776976
e 1 68 0.477890
e 2 68 -0.047932
e 3 68 -0.522946
e 68 4 -2.429594
e 68 5 -0.745920
e 68 6 -0.510920
e 0 69 1.290478
e 1 69 1.531061
e 2 69 -0.013538
e 3 69 -0.505114
e 69 4 -0.270158
e 69 5 0.890159
e 69 6 -1.747183
e 0 70 -19.169098
e 1 70 -10.515129
e 2 70 -4.743494
e 3 70 -6.499392
e 70 4 0.257792
e 70 5 0.058738
e 70 72 -1.146644
e 0 71 -0.333584
e 1 71 0.076489
e 2 71 0.672623
e 3 71 0.027208
e 71 4 0.048059
e 71 5 -0.013037
e 71 6 -0.018622
e 72 6 0.374675
e 0 73 1.152625
e 1 73 0.730456
e 2 73 0.679388
e 3 73 -0.149352
e 73 4 -0.520037
e 73 5 -0.018252
e 73 6 0.650584
e 0 74 0.399675
e 1 74 -0.203419
e 2 74 -0.716519
e 3 74 2.026833
e 74 4 -1.114827
e 74 5 -0.443285
e 74 6 -0.303712
e 0 75 -3.501023
e 1 95 4.040986
e 2 75 -5.378689
e 3 75 1.840783
e 75 4 -1.895371
e 75 5 0.401368
e 75 6 0.106703
e 0 76 2.417728
e 1 76 1.879936
e 2 77 -1.006679
e 3 76 1.257686
e 76 131 1.251101
e 76 5 -0.063682
e 76 6 -0.040671
e 77 76 1.059683
e 3 5 0.904345
e 0 93 -0.403487
e 1 78 -3.995063
e 2 90 -7.200624
e 3 78 -1.575964
e 78 89 -0.825679
e 78 5 -0.315175
e 78 82 -1.409759
e 0 79 -7.900582
e 1 79 -6.086574
e 2 79 -0.704628
e 3 79 -3.298713
e 79 4 0.584723
e 79 5 0.112039
e 79 6 0.011958
e 0 80 -0.418590
e 1 80 2.050934
e 2 80 0.923213
e 3 80 -2.979331
e 80 4 0.488139
e 80 158 0.420338
e 80 6 0.282639
e 0 91 -1.170712
e 1 81 0.155994
e 2 81 1.268260
e 3 81 2.945973
e 81 4 0.277667
e 81 94 0.081859
e 81 6 0.112097
e 82 6 0.237501
e 0 83 0.645489
e 1 92 -0.154906
e 2 83 0.472305
e 3 83 -0.080743
e 83 4 -1.971261
e 83 5 -0.358536
e 83 6 -0.515753
e 0 84 1.240866
e 1 84 1.571143
e 2 84 0.096508
e 3 84 -0.479437
e 84 4 0.234242
e 84 230 0.945973
e 84 6 -1.684656
e 0 88 -11.021229
e 1 85 -5.476921
e 2 85 -3.024706
e 3 85 -4.365412
e 85 4 0.257792
e 85 5 0.058738
e 85 87 -1.146644
e 0 86 -0.048465
e 1 86 0.132305
e 2 86 0.641514
e 3 86 -1.083192
e 86 4 0.094799
e 86 5 0.033016
e 86 6 0.028459
e 87 6 0.353271
e 88 85 0.389757
e 89 4 0.761260
e 90 78 0.286526
e 3 4 -0.475194
e 91 81 0.216450
e 92 83 0.764516
e 79 92 -0.336997
e 93 78 -0.355093
e 86 87 -0.114097
e 94 5 1.933682
e 95 75 -0.537566
e 0 96 0.007087
e 1 96 0.324083
e 2 96 0.479368
e 3 96 -1.437809
e 96 4 0.131717
e 96 5 0.029069
e 96 6 -0.001384
e 0 97 1.088566
e 1 97 -0.688838
e 2 97 1.116018
e 3 97 0.117511
e 97 4 -1.420073
e 97 5 0.185935
e 97 6 0.895314
e 0 98 -0.241265
e 1 98 -0.016581
e 2 98 0.629950
e 3 102 -1.480579
e 98 4 0.033571
e 98 5 0.003264
e 98 6 -0.025543
e 0 99 -3.047340
e 1 100 -0.542335
e 2 99 -0.504537
e 3 99 -1.148269
e 99 101 0.585526
e 99 5 0.130902
e 99 6 0.096473
e 100 99 -1.110232
e 101 4 1.072507
e 102 98 -0.402564
e 100 102 0.248649
e 0 103 -1.259228
e 1 103 1.766537
e 2 103 2.262657
e 3 103 -0.744233
e 103 4 0.078170
e 103 5 0.084300
e 103 6 0.086277
e 0 104 -0.713352
e 1 107 0.813298
e 2 104 -0.441487
e 3 104 -1.170994
e 104 4 0.887026
e 104 5 -0.021720
e 104 6 0.100035
e 0 130 -11.315029
e 1 105 -12.308912
e 2 105 -5.511625
e 3 105 -1.549336
e 105 4 -0.426456
e 105 5 -0.039699
e 105 6 0.090109
e 0 106 0.311819
e 1 106 0.059384
e 2 106 -0.862706
e 3 106 0.068932
e 106 4 -0.038739
e 106 5 -0.014480
e 106 6 0.052622
e 107 104 -0.771428
e 0 108 0.447651
e 1 108 0.594738
e 2 108 0.257933
e 3 108 -0.750003
e 108 4 0.222296
e 108 5 0.643831
e 108 6 -0.107025
e 0 109 -1.031973
e 1 109 1.319484
e 2 109 -0.068373
e 3 109 -0.692892
e 109 4 1.657486
e 109 5 -0.033927
e 109 6 -0.033848
e 0 110 -0.420110
e 1 110 -0.199950
e 2 110 2.965848
e 3 110 2.118531
e 110 4 -1.526716
e 110 5 -0.974658
e 110 6 0.328017
e 0 111 -0.224252
e 1 134 0.385234
e 2 111 1.009538
e 3 111 -0.738177
e 111 4 -0.509786
e 111 5 -0.154241
e 111 6 0.028397
e 0 112 -1.397494
e 1 129 -0.790626
e 2 112 -2.499321
e 3 112 1.260463
e 112 4 -0.790004
e 112 5 0.452595
e 112 6 0.542070
e 0 113 0.466875
e 1 161 1.139561
e 2 113 1.071654
e 3 113 0.230655
e 113 4 -1.136820
e 113 5 1.472517
e 113 117 0.962911
e 0 114 0.073016
e 1 114 -1.084967
e 2 114 1.785943
e 3 114 -0.362422
e 114 4 1.503029
e 114 5 0.163762
e 114 6 0.043581
e 0 115 0.479040
e 1 115 1.243671
e 2 115 0.591375
e 3 115 -0.211658
e 115 4 0.602764
e 115 5 -1.354769
e 115 6 -0.454619
e 116 112 1.312345
e 117 6 0.992536
e 112 110 0.777448
e 0 118 -21.519981
e 1 118 -24.929296
e 2 118 -12.282243
e 3 128 -2.682209
e 118 4 -0.745258
e 118 5 -0.197687
e 118 6 -0.089514
e 0 119 -2.702765
e 1 119 0.972501
e 2 119 0.354525
e 3 119 0.903224
e 119 4 0.787153
e 119 5 -0.033502
e 119 6 -0.078001
e 0 120 0.039619
e 1 120 2.281938
e 2 120 0.465650
e 3 120 -1.714903
e 120 4 3.471812
e 120 5 0.640017
e 120 6 0.415649
e 0 121 0.036929
e 1 121 -0.754115
e 2 121 -0.752665
e 3 121 2.238379
e 121 4 -0.766239
e 121 5 -0.074507
e 121 6 -0.108150
e 0 122 -21.519981
e 1 122 -24.929296
e 2 162 -6.604569
e 3 122 -4.159753
e 122 4 -0.745258
e 122 5 -0.197687
e 122 6 -0.089514
e 0 123 -2.346068
e 1 123 0.497918
e 2 123 -1.820517
e 3 123 0.127536
e 123 4 0.011652
e 123 5 0.134403
e 123 126 -0.112362
e 0 127 -0.588331
e 1 124 1.066087
e 2 124 1.138369
e 3 124 -1.922828
e 124 4 3.634505
e 124 5 0.461543
e 124 6 0.309647
e 0 125 0.206367
e 1 125 -1.092140
e 2 125 -1.088465
e 3 125 2.386154
e 125 4 -0.348419
e 125 5 -0.036037
e 125 6 -0.038426
e 126 6 -0.859521
e 127 124 -0.787467
e 121 125 -1.445167
e 113 105 -3.592962
e 128 118 0.224046
e 129 116 1.355887
e 129 128 -0.849286
e 130 105 0.165760
e 128 116 0.553703
e 131 4 0.389485
e 132 58 -0.325810
e 46 104 -0.790279
e 133 4 0.701766
e 47 73 0.225579
e 134 111 0.443419
e 0 135 0.470810
e 1 135 0.595650
e 2 135 0.266241
e 3 135 -0.749432
e 135 4 0.288065
e 135 5 0.476154
e 135 6 -0.093755
e 0 136 -0.164504
e 1 136 0.597114
e 2 136 -1.131662
e 3 136 -0.985862
e 136 4 0.085294
e 136 5 -0.347341
e 136 6 -0.367595
e 0 137 -0.621243
e 1 137 0.129309
e 2 137 2.916659
e 3 137 2.193111
e 137 4 -1.444482
e 137 5 -0.965321
e 137 6 0.155358
e 0 138 -0.268878
e 1 138 0.443244
e 2 138 0.928272
e 3 138 -0.870413
e 138 4 -1.234816
e 138 5 -0.281904
e 138 6 0.420963
e 0 139 -1.280754
e 1 143 -0.716277
e 2 139 -2.531713
e 3 139 1.258033
e 139 4 -0.820120
e 139 5 0.579383
e 139 6 0.531710
e 0 140 0.405098
e 1 140 1.080143
e 2 140 1.000260
e 3 140 0.200102
e 140 4 -1.106714
e 140 5 1.345750
e 140 144 0.956734
e 0 141 0.216346
e 1 141 -0.839950
e 2 141 1.452468
e 3 141 0.223610
e 141 4 0.598766
e 141 5 0.018013
e 141 6 0.076544
e 0 142 0.247716
e 1 142 1.164690
e 2 142 0.610899
e 3 142 -0.196552
e 142 4 0.632884
e 142 5 -1.481594
e 142 156 -0.360667
e 143 139 1.391372
e 144 6 0.995936
e 139 137 0.702868
e 0 145 -19.017167
e 1 145 -22.221673
e 2 145 -12.767547
e 3 145 -3.851056
e 145 4 -0.715141
e 145 157 -0.222262
e 145 6 -0.079154
e 0 146 -2.088333
e 1 146 0.161755
e 2 146 -1.186050
e 3 146 0.123633
e 146 4 -0.253090
e 146 5 -0.080407
e 146 6 -0.058445
e 0 147 -0.242079
e 1 147 2.719162
e 2 147 0.773311
e 3 147 -1.387996
e 147 4 3.111973
e 147 5 0.825140
e 147 6 0.589264
e 0 148 0.482551
e 1 148 -0.833884
e 2 148 -1.738021
e 3 148 2.694541
e 148 4 -0.737951
e 148 5 -0.077229
e 148 6 0.030742
e 0 149 -14.067444
e 1 149 -17.923174
e 2 149 -8.203389
e 3 149 -2.942633
e 149 155 -0.695668
e 149 5 -0.324475
e 149 6 -0.079154
e 0 150 -2.086103
e 1 150 -0.015975
e 2 150 -1.297548
e 3 150 0.708220
e 150 4 -0.474476
e 150 5 -0.029226
e 150 153 0.148807
e 0 154 -0.426663
e 1 151 0.745415
e 2 151 1.427838
e 3 151 -1.698661
e 151 4 3.397416
e 151 5 0.722695
e 151 6 0.593677
e 0 152 0.376011
e 1 152 -0.710078
e 2 152 -1.617809
e 3 152 2.378122
e 152 4 -0.313831
e 152 5 -0.059175
e 152 6 0.014470
e 153 6 -0.890845
e 154 151 -0.820880
e 148 152 -1.052599
e 155 4 -0.889668
e 148 141 2.069968
e 156 6 0.278182
e 154 5 0.977555
e 157 5 -0.552919
e 144 143 1.008596
e 142 149 -0.942616
e 158 5 0.445846
e 159 6 -0.076578
e 7 13 -0.692636
e 160 26 1.336065
e 161 113 -0.038574
e 162 122 6.826397
e 0 163 -0.300091
e 1 163 0.845311
e 2 163 0.989263
e 3 163 -0.029396
e 163 4 -0.829718
e 163 5 0.022498
e 163 6 0.175565
e 0 164 -2.798770
e 1 164 -2.178335
e 2 164 1.601913
e 3 167 -0.646749
e 164 4 0.133820
e 164 5 -0.005175
e 164 6 -0.011549
e 0 165 -1.705644
e 1 165 2.128483
e 2 165 -0.318971
e 3 165 -1.305912
e 165 4 0.921693
e 165 5 0.294892
e 165 6 0.227842
e 0 166 -0.284163
e 1 166 -0.381985
e 2 166 -0.090556
e 3 166 1.974232
e 166 4 -0.141010
e 166 5 -0.064227
e 166 6 0.022620
e 162 4 -0.434086
e 167 164 0.261919
e 0 168 0.178604
e 1 168 -0.756574
e 2 168 -0.833026
e 3 168 2.177937
e 168 4 -0.253016
e 168 5 -0.011028
e 168 6 -0.050442
e 0 169 -0.116334
e 1 169 -0.275042
e 2 169 1.613360
e 3 169 0.357157
e 169 4 -0.127966
e 169 5 0.090407
e 169 6 0.491666
e 0 192 -15.173654
e 1 170 -23.491753
e 2 170 -13.868238
e 3 170 -1.661097
e 170 4 -1.012636
e 170 5 -0.085489
e 170 6 -0.185449
e 0 171 -0.739412
e 1 172 0.097610
e 2 171 2.171732
e 3 171 0.778420
e 171 4 0.923864
e 171 5 0.180346
e 171 6 -0.221953
e 172 171 1.310262
e 0 173 -0.191080
e 1 173 1.607175
e 2 173 1.595619
e 3 173 -2.652598
e 173 4 4.474778
e 173 5 0.046254
e 173 6 0.882849
e 0 174 2.297218
e 1 174 -0.257802
e 2 177 -0.961352
e 3 174 1.096956
e 174 4 1.703627
e 174 5 0.605780
e 174 6 1.968417
e 0 175 0.136114
e 1 175 0.288681
e 2 175 -0.996706
e 3 175 -0.196778
e 175 178 0.060216
e 175 5 -0.104694
e 175 6 0.098514
e 0 176 -1.227967
e 1 176 0.354769
e 2 176 0.816722
e 3 176 -0.388837
e 176 179 -0.048127
e 176 5 -0.201947
e 176 6 -0.117591
e 177 174 1.278866
e 178 4 -0.064368
e 179 4 -0.604712
e 2 5 -0.211136
e 0 180 0.694781
e 1 180 1.011136
e 2 180 -0.334235
e 3 180 0.735786
e 180 4 -1.189978
e 180 5 0.230077
e 180 6 -0.244503
e 0 181 1.767464
e 1 181 -0.297435
e 2 181 0.399869
e 3 181 2.095348
e 181 4 0.939212
e 181 5 0.085547
e 181 6 0.008982
e 0 182 0.084433
e 1 182 -0.177570
e 2 182 -0.800822
e 3 182 1.291325
e 182 4 -0.118199
e 182 5 -0.022744
e 182 6 -0.035448
e 0 183 0.777782
e 1 183 1.279933
e 2 183 0.074097
e 3 183 1.633742
e 183 4 0.663577
e 183 5 -0.452135
e 183 6 0.120140
e 0 184 -2.456506
e 1 184 -0.886556
e 2 184 6.790799
e 3 188 -0.742028
e 184 4 -0.369510
e 184 5 0.019132
e 184 6 -0.057147
e 0 185 -0.252672
e 1 185 0.587159
e 2 185 0.096720
e 3 185 1.048320
e 185 189 -0.663863
e 185 5 -0.465208
e 185 190 -0.391236
e 0 186 0.955120
e 1 191 1.231568
e 2 186 0.400759
e 3 186 -0.262612
e 186 4 0.028778
e 186 5 -0.490055
e 186 6 0.563716
e 0 187 0.242989
e 1 187 0.545553
e 2 187 -1.732646
e 3 187 -1.862161
e 187 4 -0.346377
e 187 5 -0.862863
e 187 6 -0.865642
e 188 184 0.970716
e 189 4 0.074103
e 190 6 1.326558
e 191 186 -0.026892
e 192 219 -0.277434
e 0 193 -1.071691
e 1 193 1.292681
e 2 193 2.256772
e 3 193 -0.568425
e 193 4 -0.385231
e 193 5 -0.030783
e 193 6 -0.093294
e 0 194 -1.168396
e 1 197 0.652365
e 2 194 -0.093091
e 3 194 -0.763301
e 194 4 0.876273
e 194 5 0.024569
e 194 6 -0.032159
e 0 195 -12.080396
e 1 195 -8.361348
e 2 195 -3.261784
e 3 195 -0.755229
e 195 4 -0.219586
e 195 5 0.077213
e 195 6 0.185119
e 0 196 0.433550
e 1 196 0.231620
e 2 196 -1.332557
e 3 196 -0.006474
e 196 4 -0.033262
e 196 5 -0.023145
e 196 6 0.070208
e 197 194 -0.397489
e 0 198 0.465394
e 1 198 0.606381
e 2 198 0.269022
e 3 198 -0.742268
e 198 4 0.408809
e 198 5 0.726067
e 198 6 -0.014139
e 0 199 -0.327086
e 1 199 0.587463
e 2 199 -0.849317
e 3 199 -0.716660
e 199 4 0.743707
e 199 5 0.021234
e 199 6 -0.204878
e 0 200 -0.339127
e 1 200 0.437857
e 2 200 2.553315
e 3 200 2.100006
e 200 4 -1.347878
e 200 5 -0.719932
e 200 6 0.923693
e 0 201 -0.167099
e 1 201 0.154263
e 2 201 1.046518
e 3 201 -0.694344
e 201 4 -0.799370
e 201 5 -0.512932
e 201 6 0.154937
e 0 202 -1.385654
e 1 206 -0.733482
e 2 202 -2.505073
e 3 202 1.235039
e 202 4 -0.996874
e 202 5 0.335683
e 202 6 0.447060
e 0 203 0.377143
e 1 203 1.080112
e 2 203 1.028579
e 3 203 0.205768
e 203 4 -0.929960
e 203 5 1.589450
e 203 207 0.949044
e 0 204 -0.736002
e 1 204 -0.254630
e 2 204 1.771186
e 3 204 -0.059667
e 204 4 -0.536743
e 204 5 -0.139531
e 204 227 -0.116054
e 0 205 0.476757
e 1 205 1.278018
e 2 205 0.594555
e 3 205 -0.190344
e 205 4 0.809640
e 205 5 -1.237859
e 205 6 -0.359605
e 206 202 1.383969
e 207 6 1.019795
e 202 200 0.795972
e 0 208 -15.351277
e 1 208 -19.865432
e 2 208 -9.471834
e 3 208 -3.467133
e 208 4 -0.538387
e 208 5 -0.080775
e 208 6 0.005496
e 0 209 -2.920250
e 1 209 -0.088170
e 2 209 0.266254
e 3 209 0.641756
e 209 4 0.135395
e 209 5 0.096827
e 209 6 0.038502
e 0 210 -0.055987
e 1 210 1.942526
e 2 210 0.555987
e 3 210 -1.121073
e 210 4 2.973112
e 210 5 0.325714
e 210 6 0.459121
e 0 211 -0.060621
e 1 218 -0.597066
e 2 211 -0.937857
e 3 211 1.598520
e 211 4 -0.320871
e 211 5 -0.110628
e 211 6 -0.070614
e 0 212 -15.351277
e 1 212 -19.865432
e 2 212 -9.471834
e 3 212 -3.467133
e 212 4 -0.538387
e 212 5 -0.080775
e 212 6 0.005496
e 0 213 -2.059039
e 1 213 -0.107433
e 2 213 -1.051083
e 3 213 0.380676
e 213 4 -0.657099
e 213 5 0.110808
e 213 216 -0.185542
e 0 217 -0.487945
e 1 214 0.927250
e 2 214 0.904235
e 3 214 -1.147656
e 214 4 2.968966
e 214 5 0.235272
e 214 6 0.366979
e 0 215 0.187134
e 1 215 -0.534679
e 2 215 -1.017437
e 3 215 1.853326
e 215 4 -0.227036
e 215 5 -0.031632
e 215 6 -0.044870
e 216 6 -0.926732
e 217 214 -0.901088
e 211 215 -0.687147
e 218 211 0.344481
e 219 170 -1.146179
e 0 220 -1.324394
e 1 220 0.331817
e 2 220 -1.019369
e 3 220 -0.040183
e 220 4 0.233841
e 220 5 -0.000226
e 220 6 -0.029620
e 0 221 1.734073
e 1 224 0.151595
e 2 221 2.859029
e 3 221 -1.142823
e 221 226 0.546044
e 221 225 -0.013677
e 221 6 0.010689
e 0 222 -0.081897
e 1 222 -0.112107
e 2 222 -1.035517
e 3 222 1.704702
e 222 4 -0.155950
e 222 5 -0.039365
e 222 6 -0.175721
e 0 223 0.009583
e 1 223 0.205191
e 2 223 0.584638
e 3 223 -1.383011
e 223 4 0.119014
e 223 5 0.086116
e 223 6 -0.186961
e 224 221 -1.475245
e 224 220 1.753573
e 225 5 0.819669
e 222 224 -2.049956
e 226 4 0.748396
e 173 225 -0.003585
e 227 6 0.070544
e 185 170 -0.836941
e 228 4 0.361322
e 134 23 0.707947
e 229 66 -0.278249
e 216 116 -0.260947
e 230 5 1.297007
e 76 85 -0.349873
