n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden identity
n 8 hidden sine
n 9 hidden relu
n 10 hidden tanh
n 11 hidden sigmoid
n 12 hidden sine
n 13 hidden relu
n 14 hidden relu
n 15 hidden relu
n 16 hidden sine
n 17 hidden sine
n 18 hidden relu
n 19 hidden sine
n 20 hidden sigmoid
n 21 hidden sigmoid
n 22 hidden sine
n 23 hidden gaussian
n 24 hidden sigmoid
n 25 hidden relu
n 26 hidden sine
n 27 hidden sigmoid
n 28 hidden identity
n 29 hidden identity
n 30 hidden sine
n 31 hidden sine
n 32 hidden identity
n 33 hidden sine
n 34 hidden relu
n 35 hidden gaussian
n 36 hidden relu
n 37 hidden sigmoid
n 38 hidden tanh
n 39 hidden tanh
n 40 hidden sine
n 41 hidden sine
n 42 hidden sigmoid
n 43 hidden relu
n 44 hidden sine
n 45 hidden gaussian
n 46 hidden sigmoid
n 47 hidden gaussian
n 48 hidden gaussian
n 49 hidden sigmoid
n 50 hidden identity
n 51 hidden identity
n 52 hidden sigmoid
n 53 hidden identity
n 54 hidden tanh
n 55 hidden sigmoid
n 56 hidden sine
n 57 hidden relu
n 58 hidden sine
n 59 hidden sine
n 60 hidden tanh
n 61 hidden tanh
n 62 hidden tanh
n 63 hidden tanh
n 64 hidden relu
n 65 hidden relu
n 66 hidden relu
n 67 hidden gaussian
n 68 hidden relu
n 69 hidden sine
n 70 hidden identity
n 71 hidden sigmoid
n 72 hidden relu
n 73 hidden sine
n 74 hidden gaussian
n 75 hidden sigmoid
n 76 hidden gaussian
n 77 hidden gaussian
n 78 hidden sigmoid
n 79 hidden identity
n 80 hidden identity
n 81 hidden sigmoid
n 82 hidden identity
n 83 hidden tanh
n 84 hidden sigmoid
n 85 hidden sine
n 86 hidden relu
n 87 hidden gaussian
n 88 hidden sigmoid
n 89 hidden sine
n 90 hidden identity
n 91 hidden identity
n 92 hidden gaussian
n 93 hidden relu
n 94 hidden sine
n 95 hidden gaussian
n 96 hidden sine
n 97 hidden tanh
n 98 hidden tanh
n 99 hidden gaussian
n 100 hidden relu
n 101 hidden relu
n 102 hidden identity
n 103 hidden gaussian
n 104 hidden identity
n 105 hidden sine
n 106 hidden sigmoid
n 107 hidden relu
n 108 hidden sigmoid
n 109 hidden sigmoid
n 110 hidden relu
n 111 hidden sigmoid
n 112 hidden relu
n 113 hidden sine
n 114 hidden gaussian
n 115 hidden sigmoid
n 116 hidden gaussian
n 117 hidden gaussian
n 118 hidden sigmoid
n 119 hidden identity
n 120 hidden identity
n 121 hidden sigmoid
n 122 hidden identity
n 123 hidden sine
n 124 hidden tanh
n 125 hidden tanh
n 126 hidden sine
n 127 hidden sine
n 128 hidden relu
n 129 hidden identity
n 130 hidden relu
n 131 hidden sigmoid
n 132 hidden tanh
n 133 hidden gaussian
n 134 hidden sigmoid
n 135 hidden tanh
n 136 hidden sigmoid
n 137 hidden tanh
n 138 hidden tanh
n 139 hidden tanh
n 140 hidden gaussian
n 141 hidden relu
n 142 hidden sine
n 143 hidden gaussian
n 144 hidden identity
n 145 hidden relu
n 146 hidden sine
n 147 hidden gaussian
n 148 hidden identity
n 149 hidden identity
n 150 hidden gaussian
n 151 hidden gaussian
n 152 hidden relu
n 153 hidden sine
n 154 hidden relu
n 155 hidden sigmoid
n 156 hidden tanh
n 157 hidden relu
n 158 hidden sine
n 159 hidden gaussian
n 160 hidden identity
n 161 hidden relu
n 162 hidden sine
n 163 hidden gaussian
n 164 hidden identity
n 165 hidden identity
n 166 hidden gaussian
n 167 hidden identity
n 168 hidden gaussian
n 169 hidden sine
n 170 hidden gaussian
n 171 hidden gaussian
n 172 hidden sine
n 173 hidden tanh
n 174 hidden sigmoid
e 0 7 -0.100578
e 1 7 0.117009
e 2 7 0.625860
e 3 7 -0.815686
e 7 4 0.092793
e 7 5 0.009705
e 7 6 0.069023
e 0 36 0.931702
e 1 8 -1.488642
e 2 8 -0.052540
e 3 8 0.275162
e 8 4 0.095316
e 8 5 0.073724
e 8 6 0.086773
e 0 9 -2.740590
e 1 9 -1.464856
e 2 9 0.308183
e 3 9 -2.190834
e 9 4 0.000686
e 9 5 0.067485
e 9 6 0.106251
e 0 10 0.729778
e 1 10 -0.392098
e 2 10 -0.727202
e 3 10 1.976282
e 10 4 -0.509739
e 10 5 -0.375517
e 10 6 -0.274280
e 0 11 -0.344058
e 1 11 -0.394881
e 2 11 1.872601
e 3 11 0.251687
e 11 4 -0.388722
e 11 5 0.168151
e 11 6 0.341981
e 0 12 0.388440
e 1 12 -0.103443
e 2 12 -2.442758
e 3 12 -0.871486
e 12 4 -0.076233
e 12 5 -0.030610
e 12 6 0.046493
e 0 13 -3.659371
e 1 13 -1.667442
e 2 13 1.188802
e 3 13 -2.168104
e 13 4 0.067520
e 13 5 0.012543
e 13 6 -0.044391
e 0 14 -7.585334
e 1 14 -4.865157
e 2 14 -4.306898
e 3 14 -1.028934
e 14 4 0.128346
e 14 5 -0.181246
e 14 6 -0.481033
e 0 15 -5.052707
e 1 15 -4.205115
e 2 15 2.970823
e 3 15 -3.607367
e 15 4 0.294781
e 15 5 0.092407
e 15 6 0.067849
e 0 16 -0.333011
e 1 16 2.171911
e 2 16 1.708647
e 3 16 2.014299
e 16 4 -0.285021
e 16 5 0.027053
e 16 27 0.023328
e 0 17 1.169863
e 1 17 -0.380403
e 2 25 1.983124
e 3 17 -1.822948
e 17 4 -0.181673
e 17 5 -0.051203
e 17 6 -0.060760
e 0 18 -17.964087
e 1 18 -12.350236
e 2 18 -9.329887
e 3 18 -2.981950
e 18 4 -0.448351
e 18 5 -0.217967
e 18 6 -0.210980
e 0 19 -4.113416
e 1 19 -2.130474
e 2 19 -4.842782
e 3 19 0.179179
e 19 4 -0.226153
e 19 5 -0.014441
e 19 26 0.230465
e 0 24 -0.305239
e 1 20 -0.561939
e 2 20 3.872037
e 3 20 -0.764119
e 20 4 -0.180002
e 20 5 -0.286473
e 20 6 -0.151776
e 0 21 -0.078924
e 1 23 0.538256
e 2 21 0.578890
e 3 21 -0.625998
e 21 4 -0.370381
e 21 5 -0.044215
e 21 6 0.149872
e 0 22 2.942763
e 1 22 -0.841920
e 2 22 -3.874681
e 3 22 0.838417
e 22 4 -0.074156
e 22 5 -0.010363
e 22 6 0.068362
e 23 21 0.985226
e 24 20 -1.932518
e 25 17 -1.930215
e 20 18 -2.226000
e 26 6 0.251699
e 17 23 -0.530511
e 27 6 1.137761
e 0 28 -0.056823
e 1 28 0.324200
e 2 28 0.943917
e 3 28 -1.909880
e 28 4 0.148060
e 28 5 0.058771
e 28 32 0.039766
e 0 29 0.130175
e 1 29 -0.114084
e 2 29 -0.811637
e 3 29 0.968863
e 29 4 -0.118964
e 29 5 -0.013013
e 29 6 -0.090593
e 0 30 1.758173
e 1 30 2.549207
e 2 30 -1.685222
e 3 33 -0.551475
e 30 4 -0.204834
e 30 5 -0.050172
e 30 6 0.008927
e 0 31 -3.625528
e 1 31 -4.181992
e 2 31 0.259394
e 3 34 -2.107844
e 31 4 0.079099
e 31 35 -0.129209
e 31 6 -0.074503
e 32 6 1.091108
e 33 30 0.735387
e 34 31 0.455811
e 30 34 -0.251363
e 35 5 0.525112
e 0 34 0.379543
e 2 23 0.189793
e 36 8 -1.209165
e 30 11 -0.799434
e 0 37 1.225710
e 1 37 0.796198
e 2 37 0.729833
e 3 37 -0.147179
e 37 4 -0.729905
e 37 5 -0.047013
e 37 6 0.691431
e 0 38 -0.087741
e 1 38 -0.050891
e 2 38 -0.615307
e 3 38 2.152461
e 38 4 -0.727068
e 38 5 -0.198045
e 38 6 -0.211508
e 0 39 -2.597968
e 1 59 3.856261
e 2 39 -4.814029
e 3 39 1.846043
e 39 4 -1.685503
e 39 5 0.430129
e 39 6 0.065856
e 0 40 2.117717
e 1 40 2.180223
e 2 41 -1.557616
e 3 40 1.124327
e 40 4 -0.255491
e 40 5 -0.061007
e 40 6 -0.079497
e 41 40 1.066745
e 3 5 0.875584
e 0 57 -1.303363
e 1 42 -1.067696
e 2 54 -7.188814
e 3 42 -1.540712
e 42 53 -0.825677
e 42 5 -0.315163
e 42 46 -1.409759
e 0 43 -16.908297
e 1 43 -15.264596
e 2 43 -6.700062
e 3 43 -3.190187
e 43 4 0.374855
e 43 5 0.083279
e 43 6 0.052805
e 0 44 -0.529210
e 1 44 2.064489
e 2 44 1.581580
e 3 44 -3.772329
e 44 4 0.179519
e 44 5 0.015876
e 44 6 0.106304
e 0 55 -1.170596
e 1 45 0.158548
e 2 45 1.269621
e 3 45 2.946005
e 45 4 0.277411
e 45 58 0.081727
e 45 6 0.112104
e 46 6 0.257916
e 0 47 1.101984
e 1 56 -1.366395
e 2 47 0.382310
e 3 47 -0.265240
e 47 4 -2.166565
e 47 172 -0.656258
e 47 6 -0.489381
e 0 48 1.193057
e 1 48 1.577903
e 2 48 0.067734
e 3 48 -0.495431
e 48 4 0.319313
e 48 5 0.997329
e 48 6 -1.663510
e 0 52 -11.156459
e 1 49 -6.779260
e 2 49 -3.910441
e 3 49 -4.410561
e 49 4 0.257792
e 49 5 0.058738
e 49 51 -1.146644
e 0 50 0.123245
e 1 50 -0.589474
e 2 50 0.510594
e 3 50 0.241399
e 50 4 0.058153
e 50 5 -0.043737
e 50 6 0.429137
e 51 60 0.541771
e 52 49 0.396220
e 53 4 0.761258
e 54 42 0.258606
e 3 4 -0.418228
e 55 45 0.216437
e 56 47 0.785271
e 43 56 -0.446047
e 57 42 -0.297034
e 50 51 -0.424429
e 58 5 1.933677
e 59 39 -0.598269
e 60 6 1.733911
e 42 47 -0.210985
e 37 49 0.460812
e 0 61 -1.353514
e 1 61 1.278783
e 2 65 0.550473
e 3 61 0.762417
e 61 4 1.252180
e 61 5 0.285625
e 61 6 0.400784
e 0 62 -0.707841
e 1 62 -0.728616
e 2 62 0.248376
e 3 62 0.650061
e 62 4 -0.542714
e 62 5 -0.439614
e 62 6 -0.030009
e 0 63 -0.905653
e 1 63 0.034107
e 2 63 -0.241778
e 3 63 0.229754
e 63 4 0.146162
e 63 5 0.324850
e 63 6 -0.067408
e 0 64 -5.683545
e 1 64 -5.026085
e 2 64 -0.442186
e 3 64 -2.295395
e 64 4 0.102715
e 64 5 -0.160265
e 64 6 -0.206287
e 65 61 -0.634633
e 0 66 -13.726976
e 1 66 -7.739913
e 2 66 -8.712545
e 3 66 -2.373138
e 66 4 -0.163382
e 66 5 0.209138
e 66 6 -0.161916
e 0 67 0.616889
e 1 67 -2.014810
e 2 67 0.757795
e 3 67 1.425050
e 67 4 -0.036330
e 67 5 0.098304
e 67 6 0.750187
e 0 68 -2.201117
e 1 68 -2.122778
e 2 68 1.734538
e 3 68 -2.836727
e 68 4 -0.020939
e 68 70 -0.023382
e 68 6 0.056203
e 0 69 0.757117
e 1 69 0.038822
e 2 69 -1.364621
e 3 69 -1.328879
e 69 4 -0.048528
e 69 5 0.050254
e 69 6 0.138806
e 70 5 -0.522683
e 1 6 -0.312241
e 0 86 -0.254000
e 1 71 -4.145353
e 2 83 -7.200516
e 3 71 -1.585346
e 71 82 -0.825683
e 71 5 -0.315179
e 71 75 -1.409759
e 0 72 -4.376125
e 1 72 -4.080438
e 2 72 0.019294
e 3 72 -2.503901
e 72 4 0.670740
e 72 5 0.109590
e 72 6 0.048055
e 0 73 -0.232725
e 1 73 1.105165
e 2 73 0.933197
e 3 73 -2.668394
e 73 4 -0.000984
e 73 5 0.013977
e 73 6 0.010045
e 0 84 -1.170724
e 1 74 0.155871
e 2 74 1.268348
e 3 74 2.945957
e 74 4 0.277742
e 74 5 0.082026
e 74 6 0.112129
e 75 6 0.255439
e 0 76 0.809524
e 1 85 -0.306253
e 2 76 0.452274
e 3 76 0.005972
e 76 4 -1.881862
e 76 5 -0.334293
e 76 6 -0.465096
e 0 77 1.195377
e 1 77 1.567852
e 2 77 0.050195
e 3 77 -0.500065
e 77 4 0.224860
e 77 5 1.051858
e 77 6 -1.652856
e 0 81 -11.012509
e 1 78 -5.411256
e 2 78 -3.092833
e 3 78 -4.367892
e 78 4 0.257792
e 78 5 0.058738
e 78 80 -1.146644
e 0 79 -0.224136
e 1 79 0.226392
e 2 79 0.789702
e 3 79 -0.843645
e 79 4 0.116293
e 79 5 0.024241
e 79 6 0.065972
e 80 6 0.360022
e 81 78 0.392329
e 82 4 0.761264
e 83 71 0.287805
e 3 4 -0.418228
e 84 74 0.216460
e 85 76 0.766267
e 72 85 -0.254367
e 86 71 -0.362859
e 79 80 -0.103958
e 0 87 2.570499
e 1 87 -0.287107
e 2 87 -0.253414
e 3 87 -0.721241
e 87 4 1.392960
e 87 5 -0.181120
e 87 6 -0.002341
e 0 88 -2.707372
e 1 88 -3.241691
e 2 88 -1.748281
e 3 96 -0.696992
e 88 4 0.389960
e 88 5 -1.025127
e 88 6 0.938161
e 0 89 -0.598774
e 1 89 1.269635
e 2 89 0.604705
e 3 89 -1.484622
e 89 4 -0.893287
e 89 5 -0.104918
e 89 97 0.098355
e 0 90 0.004082
e 1 90 0.193476
e 2 90 0.689618
e 3 90 -1.480000
e 90 4 0.107297
e 90 5 0.021957
e 90 6 0.086284
e 0 91 -0.232972
e 1 91 -0.138665
e 2 91 -0.427634
e 3 91 1.809464
e 91 4 -0.072037
e 91 5 -0.064592
e 91 6 -0.036826
e 0 92 0.104205
e 1 92 1.290488
e 2 92 0.832477
e 3 174 -2.047444
e 92 4 1.959359
e 92 5 0.097024
e 92 6 0.471623
e 0 93 -1.857624
e 1 93 -1.076055
e 2 93 0.307845
e 3 93 -1.599360
e 93 95 0.134903
e 93 5 0.034320
e 93 6 0.046555
e 0 94 3.967194
e 1 94 4.243546
e 2 94 3.760239
e 3 94 1.078339
e 94 4 -0.040098
e 94 5 -0.059333
e 94 6 -0.064187
e 95 4 -0.784548
e 96 88 -0.416599
e 97 6 -0.286154
e 0 98 -0.567729
e 1 98 0.392536
e 2 98 0.556651
e 3 98 -0.840275
e 98 4 -0.719763
e 98 5 -0.168287
e 98 6 -0.056375
e 0 99 -0.773191
e 1 99 0.062955
e 2 99 1.969496
e 3 99 0.188320
e 99 4 -0.413292
e 99 5 0.177069
e 99 6 0.670276
e 0 100 -10.450069
e 1 100 -3.489745
e 2 100 2.863870
e 3 106 -3.159258
e 100 170 0.186673
e 100 5 0.051575
e 100 6 0.088830
e 0 101 -7.249592
e 1 101 -5.644662
e 2 171 0.199495
e 3 101 -1.604284
e 101 4 0.362147
e 101 5 -0.066224
e 101 6 -0.192796
e 0 102 -0.230573
e 1 102 0.178673
e 2 102 0.367878
e 3 102 -0.096396
e 102 4 0.052264
e 102 5 0.023093
e 102 6 -0.053595
e 0 103 1.741183
e 1 103 -0.592965
e 2 103 -0.481562
e 3 103 -0.957203
e 103 4 -2.874391
e 103 5 -0.122314
e 103 6 0.689284
e 0 104 -0.313392
e 1 104 0.054463
e 2 104 1.239141
e 3 104 -0.761650
e 104 4 0.172162
e 104 5 0.034373
e 104 6 0.088954
e 0 105 -2.352412
e 1 105 -0.923440
e 2 105 -1.348392
e 3 105 -1.023607
e 105 4 -0.516110
e 105 5 -0.023800
e 105 6 0.065881
e 106 100 -0.362189
e 0 107 -18.483839
e 1 107 -14.529965
e 2 107 -27.134776
e 3 124 -1.871533
e 107 4 -0.667651
e 107 5 -0.432054
e 107 6 0.075396
e 0 108 1.493856
e 1 108 -1.690541
e 2 108 2.359540
e 3 108 -1.292542
e 108 4 0.596299
e 108 5 -0.194135
e 108 6 0.197921
e 0 109 0.630494
e 1 109 1.360528
e 2 109 0.165094
e 3 109 0.659388
e 109 4 -0.550082
e 109 5 -0.097234
e 109 6 -0.040249
e 0 110 -9.126619
e 1 110 -4.835143
e 2 110 -0.299655
e 3 110 -2.258552
e 110 4 0.197190
e 110 5 0.165318
e 110 6 -0.007789
e 108 109 -2.188236
e 0 111 0.138977
e 1 111 -4.265714
e 2 111 -7.988977
e 3 111 -1.515584
e 111 122 -0.825686
e 111 5 -0.315184
e 111 115 -1.409759
e 0 112 -10.293570
e 1 112 -7.007413
e 2 112 -3.173045
e 3 112 -3.462361
e 112 4 0.208848
e 112 5 0.169292
e 112 6 -0.031945
e 0 113 -0.296149
e 1 113 1.063291
e 2 113 1.021478
e 3 113 -2.580240
e 113 4 -0.024178
e 113 5 0.005109
e 113 6 -0.069671
e 0 114 -1.194998
e 1 114 0.639111
e 2 114 1.889568
e 3 114 2.786344
e 114 4 1.069374
e 114 5 0.203622
e 114 6 0.195890
e 115 6 0.216136
e 0 116 0.554953
e 1 116 0.532860
e 2 116 0.190069
e 3 116 -0.344120
e 116 4 -2.206968
e 116 5 -0.505177
e 116 6 -0.683714
e 0 123 4.999691
e 1 117 1.807034
e 2 117 2.017922
e 3 117 -0.314453
e 117 4 1.358097
e 117 5 -0.281875
e 117 6 -0.735191
e 0 121 -11.073591
e 1 118 -5.212126
e 2 118 -3.209501
e 3 125 -4.405201
e 118 4 0.257792
e 118 5 0.058738
e 118 120 -1.146644
e 0 119 -0.248845
e 1 119 -0.002313
e 2 119 1.116035
e 3 119 -0.685512
e 119 4 0.153706
e 119 5 0.040707
e 119 6 0.078579
e 120 6 0.374675
e 121 118 0.389370
e 122 4 0.761268
e 123 117 3.989685
e 124 107 0.550219
e 125 118 -0.217923
e 0 126 -1.241978
e 1 126 1.548344
e 2 126 2.300227
e 3 126 -0.693517
e 126 4 0.099588
e 126 5 0.000050
e 126 6 0.019533
e 0 127 -1.166386
e 1 130 1.248203
e 2 127 0.176622
e 3 127 -0.220775
e 127 4 0.425785
e 127 5 -0.007836
e 127 6 -0.010601
e 0 128 -14.102720
e 1 128 -9.727498
e 2 128 -4.202096
e 3 128 -1.146038
e 128 4 -0.170221
e 128 5 -0.003356
e 128 6 0.150851
e 0 129 0.361311
e 1 129 0.085753
e 2 129 -1.107347
e 3 129 0.057074
e 129 4 -0.146308
e 129 5 -0.026974
e 129 6 -0.073767
e 130 127 -1.089673
e 0 131 0.448978
e 1 131 0.593503
e 2 131 0.263784
e 3 131 -0.745573
e 131 4 0.467379
e 131 5 0.659278
e 131 6 -0.046933
e 0 132 -0.251682
e 1 132 0.837510
e 2 132 -1.085659
e 3 132 -0.830885
e 132 4 0.456156
e 132 5 -0.309126
e 132 6 -0.246388
e 0 133 -0.401952
e 1 133 0.131331
e 2 133 2.779747
e 3 133 2.096971
e 133 4 -1.376031
e 133 5 -1.166316
e 133 6 0.360627
e 0 134 -0.153722
e 1 134 0.378048
e 2 134 1.071284
e 3 134 -0.736836
e 134 4 -0.652663
e 134 5 -0.030719
e 134 6 0.226136
e 0 135 -1.376177
e 1 139 -0.730631
e 2 135 -2.499129
e 3 135 1.242359
e 135 4 -1.046239
e 135 5 0.416251
e 135 6 0.481328
e 0 136 0.434704
e 1 136 1.132113
e 2 136 1.059431
e 3 136 0.223778
e 136 4 -0.880595
e 136 5 1.508882
e 136 140 0.956326
e 0 137 -0.711170
e 1 137 -0.434296
e 2 137 1.743470
e 3 137 -0.121258
e 137 4 -0.432119
e 137 5 -0.169014
e 137 6 -0.351646
e 0 138 0.495961
e 1 138 1.260114
e 2 138 0.590109
e 3 138 -0.196072
e 138 4 0.859003
e 138 5 -1.318428
e 138 6 -0.393873
e 139 135 1.385898
e 140 6 1.008331
e 135 133 0.799008
e 0 141 -17.144168
e 1 141 -20.979054
e 2 141 -10.690556
e 3 151 -2.712567
e 141 4 -0.489022
e 141 5 -0.161343
e 141 6 -0.028772
e 0 142 -2.706435
e 1 142 -0.956556
e 2 142 -0.529841
e 3 142 0.172438
e 142 4 0.341351
e 142 5 -0.086259
e 142 6 -0.125789
e 0 143 0.095131
e 1 143 2.359411
e 2 143 0.372459
e 3 143 -1.389186
e 143 4 3.121782
e 143 5 0.849624
e 143 6 0.607087
e 0 144 0.156529
e 1 144 -0.576867
e 2 144 -0.824117
e 3 144 1.893805
e 144 4 -0.379306
e 144 5 -0.037331
e 144 6 0.024730
e 0 145 -17.144168
e 1 145 -20.979054
e 2 145 -10.690556
e 3 145 -3.854796
e 145 4 -0.489022
e 145 5 -0.161343
e 145 6 -0.028772
e 0 146 -2.105662
e 1 146 0.682798
e 2 146 -1.317353
e 3 146 0.271897
e 146 4 0.214313
e 146 5 -0.015884
e 146 149 0.177985
e 0 150 -0.523455
e 1 147 1.165103
e 2 147 0.841482
e 3 147 -1.407035
e 147 4 3.205560
e 147 5 0.433668
e 147 6 0.262748
e 0 148 0.349278
e 1 148 -0.753415
e 2 148 -1.155361
e 3 148 1.916278
e 148 4 -0.199717
e 148 5 -0.005261
e 148 6 0.020676
e 149 6 -0.883637
e 150 147 -0.828432
e 144 148 -1.227791
e 136 128 -3.189666
e 151 141 0.448469
e 0 156 -0.644100
e 1 152 -3.041595
e 2 152 0.562534
e 3 152 -2.547948
e 152 4 0.234749
e 152 5 -0.103822
e 152 6 -0.015408
e 0 153 0.870429
e 1 153 -1.039069
e 2 153 -0.538132
e 3 153 -1.132692
e 153 4 -0.197506
e 153 5 -0.135071
e 153 6 -0.203199
e 0 154 -3.492079
e 1 154 -1.859623
e 2 154 -0.231752
e 3 154 -1.123740
e 154 4 0.360715
e 154 5 0.042220
e 154 6 0.005861
e 0 155 -0.227041
e 1 155 0.285580
e 2 155 0.370042
e 3 155 0.420279
e 155 4 -0.178608
e 155 5 -0.066307
e 155 6 -0.173726
e 156 152 2.061087
e 0 157 -15.105137
e 1 157 -20.238320
e 2 157 -9.827828
e 3 157 -3.444634
e 157 4 -0.726917
e 157 5 -0.115210
e 157 6 0.055325
e 0 158 -2.031188
e 1 158 0.194367
e 2 173 -1.190004
e 3 158 -0.203965
e 158 4 0.140910
e 158 5 -0.012571
e 158 6 0.040659
e 0 159 0.100159
e 1 159 1.365034
e 2 159 0.625053
e 3 159 -1.322381
e 159 4 3.018400
e 159 5 0.696077
e 159 6 0.693469
e 0 160 0.242836
e 1 160 -0.548140
e 2 160 -0.975584
e 3 160 1.815478
e 160 4 -0.153982
e 160 5 -0.044863
e 160 6 0.006768
e 0 161 -13.900036
e 1 161 -19.839825
e 2 161 -9.393996
e 3 161 -3.246197
e 161 4 -0.726917
e 161 167 -0.090431
e 161 6 0.055325
e 0 162 -1.863188
e 1 162 -0.032517
e 2 166 -0.906229
e 3 168 -0.107171
e 162 4 -0.486229
e 162 5 -0.047688
e 162 169 0.004993
e 0 163 0.102465
e 1 163 1.373108
e 2 163 0.619622
e 3 163 -1.325767
e 163 4 3.016352
e 163 5 0.699148
e 163 6 0.695868
e 0 164 0.242836
e 1 164 -0.548140
e 2 164 -0.975584
e 3 164 1.815478
e 164 4 -0.153982
e 164 5 -0.044863
e 164 6 0.006768
e 165 6 -0.833204
e 166 162 -0.033739
e 159 166 0.918166
e 167 5 0.491903
e 168 162 0.280258
e 166 167 0.488929
e 169 165 1.134547
e 170 4 1.574021
e 171 101 0.607687
e 172 5 -1.886250
e 66 40 0.662389
e 173 158 0.417183
e 133 70 0.780714
e 174 92 -0.476237
