n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden relu
n 8 hidden sine
n 9 hidden sine
n 10 hidden relu
n 11 hidden sine
n 12 hidden sigmoid
n 13 hidden sigmoid
n 14 hidden sine
n 15 hidden gaussian
n 16 hidden sigmoid
n 17 hidden relu
n 18 hidden sine
n 19 hidden tanh
n 20 hidden relu
n 21 hidden relu
n 22 hidden relu
n 23 hidden relu
n 24 hidden relu
n 25 hidden gaussian
n 26 hidden gaussian
n 27 hidden sigmoid
n 28 hidden identity
n 29 hidden identity
n 30 hidden sigmoid
n 31 hidden tanh
n 32 hidden tanh
n 33 hidden sine
n 34 hidden sine
n 35 hidden sigmoid
n 36 hidden relu
n 37 hidden sine
n 38 hidden gaussian
n 39 hidden sigmoid
n 40 hidden gaussian
n 41 hidden gaussian
n 42 hidden sigmoid
n 43 hidden identity
n 44 hidden identity
n 45 hidden sigmoid
n 46 hidden identity
n 47 hidden tanh
n 48 hidden sigmoid
n 49 hidden sine
n 50 hidden relu
n 51 hidden sine
n 52 hidden sine
n 53 hidden identity
n 54 hidden gaussian
n 55 hidden identity
n 56 hidden sine
n 57 hidden sigmoid
n 58 hidden sine
n 59 hidden gaussian
n 60 hidden sine
n 61 hidden sine
n 62 hidden relu
n 63 hidden identity
n 64 hidden relu
n 65 hidden sigmoid
n 66 hidden tanh
n 67 hidden gaussian
n 68 hidden sigmoid
n 69 hidden tanh
n 70 hidden sigmoid
n 71 hidden tanh
n 72 hidden tanh
n 73 hidden tanh
n 74 hidden gaussian
n 75 hidden relu
n 76 hidden sine
n 77 hidden gaussian
n 78 hidden identity
n 79 hidden relu
n 80 hidden sine
n 81 hidden gaussian
n 82 hidden identity
n 83 hidden identity
n 84 hidden gaussian
n 85 hidden gaussian
n 86 hidden sine
n 87 hidden sine
n 88 hidden sigmoid
n 89 hidden sigmoid
n 90 hidden sine
n 91 hidden identity
n 92 hidden tanh
n 93 hidden sigmoid
n 94 hidden sigmoid
n 95 hidden relu
n 96 hidden sigmoid
n 97 hidden gaussian
n 98 hidden sigmoid
n 99 hidden identity
n 100 hidden sigmoid
n 101 hidden gaussian
n 102 hidden sigmoid
n 103 hidden identity
n 104 hidden sigmoid
n 105 hidden sigmoid
n 106 hidden sigmoid
n 107 hidden gaussian
n 108 hidden relu
n 109 hidden gaussian
n 110 hidden gaussian
n 111 hidden identity
n 112 hidden sine
n 113 hidden sigmoid
n 114 hidden sigmoid
n 115 hidden gaussian
n 116 hidden gaussian
n 117 hidden gaussian
n 118 hidden gaussian
n 119 hidden sigmoid
n 120 hidden identity
n 121 hidden identity
n 122 hidden relu
n 123 hidden sine
n 124 hidden sigmoid
n 125 hidden tanh
n 126 hidden identity
n 127 hidden tanh
n 128 hidden tanh
n 129 hidden sigmoid
n 130 hidden identity
n 131 hidden tanh
n 132 hidden tanh
n 133 hidden identity
n 134 hidden sigmoid
n 135 hidden identity
n 136 hidden tanh
n 137 hidden sine
n 138 hidden identity
n 139 hidden tanh
n 140 hidden tanh
n 141 hidden gaussian
n 142 hidden relu
n 143 hidden identity
n 144 hidden gaussian
n 145 hidden sigmoid
n 146 hidden identity
n 147 hidden sigmoid
n 148 hidden sine
n 149 hidden sigmoid
n 150 hidden identity
n 151 hidden identity
n 152 hidden sine
n 153 hidden sine
n 154 hidden identity
n 155 hidden sine
n 156 hidden relu
n 157 hidden sigmoid
n 158 hidden tanh
n 159 hidden gaussian
n 160 hidden sigmoid
n 161 hidden tanh
n 162 hidden sigmoid
n 163 hidden tanh
n 164 hidden tanh
n 165 hidden tanh
n 166 hidden gaussian
n 167 hidden relu
n 168 hidden sine
n 169 hidden gaussian
n 170 hidden identity
n 171 hidden relu
n 172 hidden sine
n 173 hidden gaussian
n 174 hidden identity
n 175 hidden identity
n 176 hidden gaussian
n 177 hidden gaussian
n 178 hidden relu
n 179 hidden tanh
n 180 hidden sigmoid
n 181 hidden tanh
n 182 hidden tanh
n 183 hidden sine
n 184 hidden gaussian
n 185 hidden sigmoid
n 186 hidden sine
n 187 hidden identity
n 188 hidden identity
n 189 hidden gaussian
n 190 hidden relu
n 191 hidden sine
n 192 hidden gaussian
n 193 hidden sine
n 194 hidden tanh
n 195 hidden sigmoid
n 196 hidden tanh
n 197 hidden sigmoid
n 198 hidden gaussian
n 199 hidden gaussian
n 200 hidden sigmoid
n 201 hidden identity
n 202 hidden sigmoid
n 203 hidden sine
n 204 hidden sigmoid
n 205 hidden relu
n 206 hidden gaussian
n 207 hidden sine
n 208 hidden sigmoid
n 209 hidden identity
n 210 hidden gaussian
n 211 hidden tanh
n 212 hidden gaussian
n 213 hidden relu
n 214 hidden relu
n 215 hidden identity
n 216 hidden gaussian
n 217 hidden identity
n 218 hidden sine
n 219 hidden sigmoid
n 220 hidden identity
n 221 hidden relu
n 222 hidden gaussian
n 223 hidden relu
n 224 hidden sigmoid
n 225 hidden sine
n 226 hidden tanh
n 227 hidden sigmoid
n 228 hidden sigmoid
n 229 hidden gaussian
n 230 hidden tanh
n 231 hidden tanh
n 232 hidden relu
n 233 hidden tanh
n 234 hidden gaussian
n 235 hidden sine
n 236 hidden sigmoid
n 237 hidden identity
n 238 hidden identity
n 239 hidden sine
n 240 hidden tanh
n 241 hidden relu
n 242 hidden sine
n 243 hidden sine
n 244 hidden sigmoid
n 245 hidden sine
n 246 hidden tanh
n 247 hidden tanh
e 0 7 -100.520105
e 1 7 -106.873940
e 2 7 118.014822
e 3 7 -62.503377
e 7 20 -0.783703
e 7 5 3.218973
e 7 6 8.994763
e 0 8 -0.114395
e 1 8 0.166689
e 2 8 1.937107
e 3 8 0.946589
e 8 4 -0.048675
e 8 5 0.198355
e 8 6 0.231857
e 0 9 0.817540
e 1 9 -0.223594
e 2 17 1.998682
e 3 9 -1.753933
e 9 4 0.020070
e 9 5 0.066505
e 9 6 -0.001835
e 0 10 -24.245161
e 1 10 -26.900132
e 2 10 -24.345682
e 3 10 -2.731066
e 10 4 -0.453612
e 10 5 -0.675732
e 10 6 -0.656913
e 0 11 -4.072098
e 1 11 -1.765033
e 2 11 -5.204050
e 3 11 0.096519
e 11 4 -0.267683
e 11 5 0.158135
e 11 18 0.257145
e 0 16 -0.699078
e 1 12 -0.671798
e 2 12 4.575027
e 3 12 -0.603507
e 12 4 -0.015490
e 12 5 0.001212
e 12 6 -0.049612
e 0 13 0.017013
e 1 15 0.515152
e 2 13 0.812439
e 3 13 -0.585141
e 13 4 0.890300
e 13 5 -0.162224
e 13 6 -0.045324
e 0 14 3.063028
e 1 14 -0.411098
e 2 14 -3.906757
e 3 14 0.831715
e 14 4 0.160900
e 14 5 -0.019687
e 14 19 0.002250
e 15 13 1.034094
e 16 12 -1.936041
e 17 9 -1.936457
e 12 10 -2.380150
e 18 6 0.276759
e 9 15 -0.530281
e 19 6 -0.825902
e 20 4 -0.404840
e 0 21 -7.729782
e 1 21 -5.330410
e 2 21 0.062894
e 3 21 -2.406583
e 21 4 0.191425
e 21 5 -0.278193
e 21 6 -0.400885
e 0 22 -5.049710
e 1 22 -3.419643
e 2 22 -3.802629
e 3 22 -4.133113
e 22 4 0.280253
e 22 5 0.459243
e 22 6 -0.612645
e 0 23 -16.886697
e 1 23 -18.050313
e 2 23 -14.254793
e 3 23 -1.027953
e 23 4 -0.177359
e 23 5 -0.720697
e 23 6 -0.075034
e 0 24 -4.278322
e 1 24 -1.484304
e 2 24 2.924692
e 3 24 -2.315129
e 24 4 0.102409
e 24 5 0.916921
e 24 6 0.682124
e 24 21 -2.422433
e 0 25 0.866024
e 1 25 0.975616
e 2 25 -0.484017
e 3 25 -0.606579
e 25 4 -2.574110
e 25 5 -0.680853
e 25 6 -0.338313
e 0 26 1.235292
e 1 26 1.516303
e 2 26 -0.099586
e 3 26 -0.539046
e 26 4 -0.381721
e 26 5 0.993820
e 26 6 -1.718301
e 0 27 -19.063173
e 1 27 -10.538739
e 2 27 -4.746206
e 3 27 -6.458078
e 27 4 0.257792
e 27 5 0.058738
e 27 29 -1.146644
e 0 28 -0.160479
e 1 28 -0.022360
e 2 28 0.377765
e 3 28 -0.169752
e 28 4 0.002210
e 28 5 -0.018213
e 28 6 0.129346
e 29 6 0.374675
e 0 30 1.151338
e 1 30 0.732953
e 2 30 0.683105
e 3 30 -0.149010
e 30 4 -0.376093
e 30 5 -0.180759
e 30 6 0.330075
e 0 31 0.316274
e 1 31 -0.178651
e 2 31 -0.705178
e 3 31 2.155953
e 31 4 -0.933451
e 31 5 -1.181833
e 31 6 -0.931395
e 0 32 -3.476743
e 1 52 3.985400
e 2 32 -5.386620
e 3 32 1.822061
e 32 4 -2.039315
e 32 5 0.563875
e 32 6 0.427211
e 0 33 2.453919
e 1 33 1.838642
e 2 34 -0.922786
e 3 33 1.305880
e 33 4 0.037372
e 33 5 -0.046727
e 33 6 -0.081191
e 34 33 1.207021
e 3 5 0.741838
e 0 50 -0.508144
e 1 35 -3.601117
e 2 47 -7.199994
e 3 35 -1.584556
e 35 46 -0.825678
e 35 5 -0.315176
e 35 39 -1.409759
e 0 36 -8.390625
e 1 36 -7.629985
e 2 36 -0.446885
e 3 36 -2.913434
e 36 4 0.728667
e 36 5 -0.050467
e 36 6 -0.308551
e 0 37 -0.168085
e 1 37 2.191831
e 2 37 0.602497
e 3 37 -2.698042
e 37 4 0.532030
e 37 5 0.083459
e 37 6 -0.001464
e 0 48 -1.170690
e 1 38 0.156397
e 2 38 1.268385
e 3 38 2.945982
e 38 4 0.277829
e 38 51 0.081519
e 38 6 0.111731
e 39 6 0.077243
e 0 40 0.742576
e 1 49 0.016716
e 2 40 0.527404
e 3 40 -0.032356
e 40 4 -1.917321
e 40 5 -0.374314
e 40 6 -0.482104
e 0 41 1.223383
e 1 41 1.568509
e 2 41 0.094875
e 3 41 -0.483645
e 41 4 0.181473
e 41 5 1.022888
e 41 6 -1.651181
e 0 45 -11.012552
e 1 42 -5.511810
e 2 42 -3.033688
e 3 42 -4.328227
e 42 4 0.257792
e 42 5 0.058738
e 42 44 -1.146644
e 0 43 0.090424
e 1 43 -0.006192
e 2 43 0.477232
e 3 43 -1.125118
e 43 4 0.119418
e 43 5 -0.024772
e 43 6 0.141291
e 44 6 0.336367
e 45 42 0.392370
e 46 4 0.761259
e 47 35 0.294703
e 3 4 -1.843376
e 48 38 0.216445
e 49 40 0.736741
e 36 49 -0.308400
e 50 35 -0.356797
e 43 44 -0.073640
e 51 5 1.933668
e 52 32 -0.274820
e 0 53 0.053643
e 1 53 0.183605
e 2 53 0.408476
e 3 53 -1.323131
e 53 4 0.132898
e 53 5 0.023440
e 53 6 0.022548
e 0 54 1.192304
e 1 54 -0.536607
e 2 54 1.153174
e 3 54 0.159021
e 54 4 -1.354899
e 54 5 0.172009
e 54 6 0.882357
e 0 55 -0.017442
e 1 55 -0.082125
e 2 55 0.207891
e 3 59 -1.485824
e 55 4 0.028769
e 55 5 -0.014047
e 55 6 0.268860
e 0 56 -2.847839
e 1 87 -0.583909
e 2 56 -0.794009
e 3 56 -1.071478
e 56 58 0.290300
e 56 5 0.050226
e 56 6 -0.032571
e 57 56 -1.193734
e 58 4 1.016089
e 59 55 -0.434894
e 57 59 0.246890
e 0 60 -0.913547
e 1 60 1.732344
e 2 60 2.494877
e 3 60 -0.692710
e 60 4 -0.255129
e 60 5 -0.035643
e 60 6 -0.082758
e 0 61 -0.728724
e 1 64 1.119097
e 2 61 -0.163598
e 3 61 -0.715428
e 61 4 0.376828
e 61 5 0.217228
e 61 6 0.057734
e 0 62 -16.301742
e 1 62 -11.463216
e 2 62 -4.804251
e 3 62 -1.301357
e 62 4 -0.282512
e 62 5 -0.202206
e 62 6 -0.230400
e 0 63 0.035710
e 1 63 0.196584
e 2 63 -0.503715
e 3 63 0.347014
e 63 4 -0.038449
e 63 5 0.058658
e 63 6 -0.156179
e 64 61 -0.965436
e 0 65 0.443318
e 1 65 0.591390
e 2 65 0.258635
e 3 65 -0.747830
e 65 4 0.381034
e 65 5 0.467298
e 65 6 -0.433609
e 0 66 -0.075363
e 1 66 0.601210
e 2 66 -1.036236
e 3 66 -0.719618
e 66 4 0.774580
e 66 5 0.015989
e 66 6 -0.084591
e 0 67 -0.415498
e 1 67 0.026795
e 2 67 2.997210
e 3 67 2.104366
e 67 4 -1.586325
e 67 5 -0.550257
e 67 6 0.714691
e 0 68 -0.224389
e 1 68 0.377460
e 2 68 0.924395
e 3 68 -0.668532
e 68 4 -0.165958
e 68 5 -0.026391
e 68 6 0.059040
e 0 69 -1.431698
e 1 86 -0.782056
e 2 69 -2.520494
e 3 69 1.241748
e 69 4 -0.933948
e 69 5 0.615101
e 69 6 0.862579
e 0 70 0.442513
e 1 70 1.155836
e 2 70 1.054506
e 3 70 0.224446
e 70 4 -0.992887
e 70 5 1.310032
e 70 74 0.991974
e 0 71 -0.830684
e 1 71 -0.658532
e 2 71 1.643038
e 3 71 -0.140174
e 71 4 0.500310
e 71 5 0.143164
e 71 6 0.609981
e 0 72 0.554654
e 1 72 1.224250
e 2 72 0.634561
e 3 72 -0.190799
e 72 4 0.746713
e 72 5 -1.517276
e 72 6 -0.775126
e 73 69 1.312354
e 74 6 0.913305
e 69 67 0.791613
e 0 75 -19.738191
e 1 75 -23.078918
e 2 75 -11.285451
e 3 85 -2.688604
e 75 4 -0.601313
e 75 5 -0.360194
e 75 6 -0.410023
e 0 76 -2.341217
e 1 76 -0.069381
e 2 76 -0.473542
e 3 76 1.082785
e 76 4 -0.535309
e 76 5 0.122305
e 76 6 0.068152
e 0 77 -0.179342
e 1 77 2.140198
e 2 77 1.088916
e 3 77 -1.457407
e 77 4 3.315736
e 77 5 0.258136
e 77 6 0.259288
e 0 78 0.065895
e 1 78 -0.439188
e 2 78 -0.749364
e 3 78 1.982430
e 78 4 -0.317951
e 78 5 -0.079431
e 78 6 -0.063274
e 0 79 -19.738191
e 1 79 -23.078918
e 2 79 -11.285451
e 3 79 -3.874418
e 79 4 -0.601313
e 79 5 -0.360194
e 79 6 -0.410023
e 0 80 -2.395694
e 1 80 0.505863
e 2 80 -1.539765
e 3 80 0.662543
e 80 4 -0.194091
e 80 5 -0.197206
e 80 83 0.071157
e 0 84 -0.493631
e 1 81 1.477933
e 2 81 0.933191
e 3 81 -1.453285
e 81 4 3.254535
e 81 5 0.429554
e 81 6 0.293388
e 0 82 0.254409
e 1 82 -0.612813
e 2 82 -1.001178
e 3 82 2.125731
e 82 4 -0.181331
e 82 5 -0.050432
e 82 6 -0.054509
e 83 6 -0.866808
e 84 81 -0.658811
e 78 82 -0.762796
e 70 62 -3.344985
e 85 75 0.286542
e 86 73 1.355712
e 86 85 -0.842493
e 87 57 0.533722
e 25 36 -0.247699
e 55 19 0.698346
e 0 88 0.732924
e 1 88 0.501338
e 2 88 2.130319
e 3 88 1.432669
e 88 4 0.352837
e 88 5 0.419151
e 88 6 1.411083
e 0 89 0.849688
e 1 89 0.097044
e 2 89 -0.147363
e 3 92 -0.555630
e 89 4 0.184415
e 89 5 -0.187459
e 89 6 -1.189738
e 0 246 -0.983500
e 1 90 -1.648580
e 2 90 -0.388697
e 3 90 2.307354
e 90 4 0.022405
e 90 5 0.032962
e 90 6 0.045993
e 0 96 0.130389
e 1 91 0.164817
e 2 95 -3.054646
e 3 91 0.352735
e 91 4 0.058822
e 91 5 0.047770
e 91 94 -0.045427
e 92 89 -1.880016
e 93 91 -0.410172
e 94 6 -0.146167
e 95 93 -0.060923
e 96 91 -0.613977
e 0 97 1.407247
e 1 97 0.785066
e 2 108 0.851040
e 3 97 -3.591493
e 97 4 -4.641087
e 97 5 0.785404
e 97 6 0.149323
e 0 107 0.928285
e 1 98 1.927375
e 2 98 -0.107751
e 3 98 0.282316
e 98 4 0.163858
e 98 5 -1.761866
e 98 6 0.224241
e 0 99 0.632791
e 1 99 0.202190
e 2 99 -1.163435
e 3 99 -0.401287
e 99 4 0.045676
e 99 5 0.012228
e 99 6 0.050794
e 0 105 0.431007
e 1 100 0.475168
e 2 100 -0.008992
e 3 100 -0.785023
e 100 4 -0.844535
e 100 5 1.233680
e 100 106 -1.223043
e 0 101 0.729900
e 1 101 0.726398
e 2 101 -1.373154
e 3 101 1.981689
e 101 4 -0.190652
e 101 5 0.794766
e 101 6 -0.185857
e 0 102 0.134056
e 1 102 -0.031915
e 2 102 1.523658
e 3 102 1.400118
e 102 4 0.164809
e 102 5 -0.127163
e 102 6 -0.538260
e 0 103 0.215821
e 1 103 0.208796
e 2 103 -1.414102
e 3 103 0.007736
e 103 4 -0.004536
e 103 5 0.043247
e 103 6 -0.042682
e 0 104 -4.250131
e 1 104 0.072131
e 2 104 0.883555
e 3 104 0.597579
e 104 4 0.729789
e 104 5 0.365515
e 104 6 -0.182440
e 105 100 1.024939
e 95 4 -0.184605
e 106 6 0.558473
e 107 98 -0.468813
e 108 97 1.399318
e 108 103 0.913236
e 107 101 -1.466293
e 0 109 -0.051859
e 1 109 1.239974
e 2 109 1.385356
e 3 109 -1.547016
e 109 4 3.463573
e 109 116 0.506884
e 109 6 1.277142
e 0 110 3.094490
e 1 110 -0.783075
e 2 110 -0.855192
e 3 110 1.290755
e 110 4 1.952319
e 110 115 0.633593
e 110 6 1.489574
e 0 111 0.535521
e 1 111 -0.270547
e 2 111 -1.143938
e 3 111 0.984932
e 111 4 -0.079221
e 111 5 -0.076152
e 111 6 0.115528
e 0 112 -0.392294
e 1 114 -0.121751
e 2 112 -0.008627
e 3 112 0.966831
e 112 4 0.084815
e 112 5 -0.143652
e 112 113 0.194069
e 113 6 -0.619196
e 114 112 0.713316
e 115 5 -0.625154
e 116 5 0.684932
e 0 117 2.259211
e 1 117 0.105012
e 2 117 0.077928
e 3 117 -0.925635
e 117 4 -3.033115
e 117 5 -0.578820
e 117 6 0.023882
e 0 118 1.327870
e 1 118 1.611827
e 2 124 0.057371
e 3 118 -0.416780
e 118 4 0.283078
e 118 5 0.946347
e 118 6 -1.573722
e 0 123 -20.821319
e 1 119 -9.957435
e 2 119 -4.092404
e 3 119 -6.944097
e 119 4 0.257792
e 119 5 0.058738
e 119 121 -1.146644
e 0 120 -1.213402
e 1 120 -0.243086
e 2 120 0.253477
e 3 120 -1.335000
e 120 122 9.304969
e 120 5 -0.290428
e 120 6 0.156189
e 121 6 0.537217
e 2 121 0.040768
e 122 4 0.079864
e 121 5 0.214825
e 123 119 -0.983945
e 110 120 -0.789121
e 124 118 -1.918739
e 0 125 -0.314591
e 1 125 1.012136
e 2 125 1.680720
e 3 125 -1.777264
e 125 4 -0.614615
e 125 5 0.438110
e 125 130 0.173609
e 0 126 -0.338721
e 1 126 -0.103888
e 2 126 -0.949381
e 3 126 2.972336
e 126 4 -0.324092
e 126 5 0.016167
e 126 129 -0.003431
e 0 127 0.845618
e 1 127 -0.138173
e 2 127 -0.277507
e 3 127 1.133054
e 127 4 -0.335543
e 127 5 -0.738327
e 127 6 -0.778684
e 0 128 0.481143
e 1 128 -0.164806
e 2 128 -1.016772
e 3 128 -1.214121
e 128 4 -1.182938
e 128 5 -0.072841
e 128 6 -0.868817
e 129 6 -1.033046
e 130 6 1.579486
e 130 118 0.175460
e 0 131 0.128701
e 1 131 -1.751399
e 2 131 -0.392561
e 3 131 1.745659
e 131 4 1.261787
e 131 5 0.162848
e 131 6 -0.144222
e 0 138 1.718287
e 1 247 -0.502517
e 2 132 -0.074664
e 3 132 -0.128348
e 132 4 -0.669165
e 132 5 -0.163217
e 132 6 -0.445946
e 0 133 -0.040761
e 1 133 -0.486644
e 2 133 -1.175392
e 3 133 2.934156
e 133 4 -0.489055
e 133 5 -0.068150
e 133 6 -0.040345
e 0 134 0.962124
e 1 134 1.120772
e 2 137 0.731277
e 3 135 0.228662
e 134 4 0.971247
e 134 5 0.375300
e 134 6 0.978965
e 135 134 1.127282
e 133 131 0.970052
e 136 132 0.311243
e 137 134 -0.124629
e 138 132 0.346662
e 0 139 -0.964594
e 1 139 0.133041
e 2 139 1.106611
e 3 139 0.304185
e 139 4 -0.676248
e 139 5 0.204000
e 139 6 0.145394
e 0 140 1.152761
e 1 140 0.443831
e 2 140 1.403389
e 3 140 1.009227
e 140 4 0.813637
e 140 5 0.724564
e 140 6 -0.188925
e 0 141 0.958622
e 1 141 -0.280417
e 2 141 1.694373
e 3 141 0.589425
e 141 4 1.831090
e 141 5 1.572545
e 141 6 -0.340569
e 0 142 -38.571436
e 1 142 -8.226050
e 2 142 -32.837521
e 3 143 2.871622
e 142 4 -0.264989
e 142 5 -0.666191
e 142 6 0.396855
e 143 142 -3.035212
e 0 144 0.556605
e 1 144 0.794756
e 2 144 -1.360949
e 3 144 1.930291
e 144 4 -0.719474
e 144 5 0.304786
e 144 6 -0.437213
e 0 145 0.141973
e 1 145 -0.011445
e 2 148 1.512901
e 3 145 1.409663
e 145 4 -0.346748
e 145 5 -0.166503
e 145 6 -0.092654
e 0 146 0.404543
e 1 146 -0.008790
e 2 146 -0.885269
e 3 146 0.362205
e 146 4 -0.018439
e 146 5 -0.004090
e 146 6 -0.056815
e 0 147 -0.888046
e 1 147 0.308053
e 2 147 0.781093
e 3 147 0.458640
e 147 4 0.472269
e 147 5 0.148310
e 147 6 -0.234443
e 148 149 -1.669737
e 149 145 0.669754
e 0 150 0.063523
e 1 150 -0.052284
e 2 150 0.831556
e 3 150 -1.509404
e 150 4 0.176816
e 150 5 -0.021098
e 150 154 0.053421
e 0 151 0.061460
e 1 151 0.055700
e 2 151 -0.707759
e 3 151 0.936544
e 151 4 -0.101548
e 151 5 0.027489
e 151 6 -0.098156
e 0 152 1.755800
e 1 152 2.951999
e 2 152 -1.461573
e 3 155 -0.496059
e 152 4 0.178847
e 152 5 -0.147967
e 152 6 -0.084425
e 0 153 -3.501630
e 1 153 -3.815376
e 2 153 0.403737
e 3 156 -2.074749
e 153 4 0.159084
e 153 5 -0.045299
e 153 6 -0.180053
e 154 6 1.067114
e 155 152 0.696662
e 156 153 -0.376008
e 152 156 -0.344539
e 0 157 0.450987
e 1 157 0.587068
e 2 157 0.267537
e 3 157 -0.744622
e 157 4 0.398132
e 157 5 0.645975
e 157 6 -0.070838
e 0 158 -0.377632
e 1 158 0.993057
e 2 158 -1.092723
e 3 158 -0.851680
e 158 4 1.251360
e 158 5 0.010806
e 158 6 -0.064618
e 0 159 -0.498928
e 1 159 0.298802
e 2 159 2.744583
e 3 159 2.143394
e 159 4 -1.253812
e 159 5 -1.188207
e 159 6 0.405791
e 0 160 -0.108181
e 1 160 0.312944
e 2 160 0.997451
e 3 160 -0.705299
e 160 4 -0.836566
e 160 5 -0.034497
e 160 6 0.501968
e 0 161 -1.422060
e 1 165 -0.729787
e 2 161 -2.509212
e 3 161 1.241915
e 161 4 -0.973671
e 161 5 0.416091
e 161 6 0.505459
e 0 162 0.341048
e 1 162 1.062168
e 2 162 1.017517
e 3 162 0.204575
e 162 4 -0.953163
e 162 5 1.509042
e 162 166 1.057919
e 0 163 -0.772687
e 1 163 -0.650783
e 2 163 1.694731
e 3 163 -0.185875
e 163 4 0.122634
e 163 5 -0.170152
e 163 6 -0.184125
e 0 164 0.542844
e 1 164 1.297676
e 2 164 0.592827
e 3 164 -0.194358
e 164 4 0.786431
e 164 5 -1.318272
e 164 6 -0.418006
e 165 161 1.396228
e 166 6 0.679228
e 161 159 0.752584
e 0 167 -17.732526
e 1 167 -20.778976
e 2 167 -11.062293
e 3 167 -3.701135
e 167 4 -0.561590
e 167 5 -0.161183
e 167 6 -0.052903
e 0 168 -2.226183
e 1 168 0.304713
e 2 168 -1.601326
e 3 168 -0.173010
e 168 4 0.274289
e 168 5 0.229839
e 168 6 0.161754
e 0 169 -0.101058
e 1 169 2.012155
e 2 169 0.913318
e 3 169 -1.376969
e 169 4 3.088361
e 169 5 0.787400
e 169 6 0.694931
e 0 170 0.097629
e 1 170 -0.273869
e 2 170 -0.960671
e 3 170 1.823965
e 170 4 -0.373400
e 170 5 -0.063765
e 170 6 0.043318
e 0 171 -12.250164
e 1 171 -16.763515
e 2 171 -7.859276
e 3 171 -2.874790
e 171 177 -0.692661
e 171 5 -0.161183
e 171 6 -0.052903
e 0 172 -2.352335
e 1 178 0.667725
e 2 172 -1.575793
e 3 172 0.568388
e 172 4 -0.176480
e 172 5 -0.136377
e 172 175 0.154882
e 0 176 -0.506408
e 1 173 0.161629
e 2 173 1.528162
e 3 173 -1.265852
e 173 4 3.055070
e 173 5 0.587659
e 173 6 0.438914
e 0 174 0.284094
e 1 174 -0.430587
e 2 174 -1.280558
e 3 174 1.909084
e 174 4 -0.195268
e 174 5 -0.048362
e 174 6 0.038107
e 175 6 -0.899757
e 176 173 -0.851444
e 170 174 -1.005676
e 177 4 -0.832106
e 178 172 0.769425
e 170 166 1.623200
e 131 160 0.028947
e 0 179 -2.421270
e 1 179 -1.978097
e 2 179 -4.038449
e 3 179 1.263064
e 179 4 -0.581383
e 179 5 0.563283
e 179 6 0.517275
e 0 180 -0.114561
e 1 180 0.663676
e 2 180 0.506929
e 3 180 0.195818
e 180 4 -1.356274
e 180 5 1.359197
e 180 6 0.873440
e 0 181 -0.940829
e 1 181 0.255736
e 2 197 2.009184
e 3 181 0.011565
e 181 4 0.613680
e 181 5 -0.157393
e 181 6 0.023454
e 0 182 1.118934
e 1 182 1.726441
e 2 182 1.436680
e 3 182 -0.232448
e 182 4 0.394157
e 182 183 -1.148420
e 182 6 -0.429818
e 183 5 0.685652
e 0 184 2.796556
e 1 184 -0.394140
e 2 184 -0.444107
e 3 184 -0.747980
e 184 4 1.334765
e 184 5 -0.510699
e 184 6 -0.350531
e 0 185 -1.817037
e 1 185 -2.503767
e 2 185 -1.154941
e 3 193 -0.688287
e 185 4 0.389960
e 185 5 -1.025127
e 185 6 0.938161
e 0 186 -0.197735
e 1 186 0.889559
e 2 186 0.954724
e 3 186 -2.052444
e 186 4 0.339061
e 186 5 -0.109644
e 186 194 0.148737
e 0 187 0.334028
e 1 187 0.385520
e 2 198 1.036765
e 3 187 -1.986909
e 187 4 0.239469
e 187 5 0.068375
e 187 6 -0.018518
e 0 188 -0.292114
e 1 188 -0.264140
e 2 188 -0.686443
e 3 188 2.762289
e 188 4 -0.288102
e 188 5 -0.010197
e 188 6 -0.186019
e 0 189 0.078223
e 1 189 2.203729
e 2 189 1.105013
e 3 189 -3.342892
e 189 4 3.354925
e 189 5 0.749581
e 189 6 0.596203
e 0 190 -1.849756
e 1 190 -1.241186
e 2 190 0.793480
e 3 190 -1.547748
e 190 192 0.100628
e 190 5 -0.076583
e 190 6 0.085049
e 0 191 5.395237
e 1 195 3.880445
e 2 191 4.232395
e 3 191 1.030574
e 191 4 0.064478
e 191 5 -0.173345
e 191 6 -0.273005
e 192 196 -0.837331
e 193 185 -0.403831
e 194 6 -0.293424
e 195 191 0.496143
e 196 4 -0.930895
e 197 181 0.413508
e 1 197 -0.616889
e 194 187 0.247043
e 198 187 0.751996
e 0 245 0.414878
e 1 199 1.027942
e 2 199 -1.132930
e 3 199 2.042282
e 199 4 0.070078
e 199 5 0.376592
e 199 6 -0.317676
e 0 200 0.146532
e 1 200 -0.059730
e 2 203 1.683338
e 3 200 1.407837
e 200 4 -0.761889
e 200 5 -0.148727
e 200 6 -0.106897
e 0 205 -5.362312
e 1 201 0.172010
e 2 201 -0.443541
e 3 201 0.817131
e 201 4 -0.139589
e 201 5 0.080601
e 201 6 -0.174675
e 0 202 -0.847291
e 1 202 0.678216
e 2 202 0.283972
e 3 202 0.414800
e 202 4 -0.055784
e 202 5 0.211147
e 202 6 -0.079548
e 203 204 -1.675273
e 204 200 0.644198
e 205 201 -0.360400
e 0 206 -0.316758
e 1 206 1.905539
e 2 206 2.312315
e 3 206 -3.235538
e 206 4 3.410751
e 206 5 0.563062
e 206 243 -0.053767
e 0 207 -0.255838
e 1 207 -2.360222
e 2 207 1.339944
e 3 207 -0.683174
e 207 4 0.612494
e 207 5 -0.096814
e 207 6 -0.064606
e 0 208 0.956017
e 1 208 -0.144380
e 2 208 -0.504390
e 3 242 0.147698
e 208 4 0.239003
e 208 210 -0.256806
e 208 6 -0.312308
e 0 209 0.139236
e 1 209 -0.224976
e 2 209 -0.950524
e 3 209 1.765812
e 209 4 -0.175533
e 209 5 -0.043008
e 209 6 0.005219
e 210 5 -0.728828
e 203 208 -2.367285
e 0 211 -0.628216
e 1 211 -0.106771
e 2 211 0.509492
e 3 211 -0.862848
e 211 4 -0.486428
e 211 5 0.018018
e 211 6 0.057084
e 0 212 -1.064597
e 1 212 0.783139
e 2 212 2.237547
e 3 212 0.207358
e 212 4 -0.815202
e 212 5 -0.005567
e 212 6 0.318153
e 0 213 -15.454678
e 1 213 -5.807096
e 2 213 1.100827
e 3 219 -3.047946
e 213 4 0.046130
e 213 5 0.027803
e 213 6 -0.044463
e 0 214 -10.850196
e 1 244 -5.694788
e 2 214 -1.343703
e 3 214 -2.537371
e 214 4 0.220538
e 214 5 -0.144915
e 214 6 -0.290269
e 0 215 -0.274220
e 1 221 0.052290
e 2 215 0.478846
e 3 215 -0.109091
e 215 4 -0.000102
e 215 5 0.016589
e 215 6 -0.033254
e 0 216 2.525215
e 1 216 0.266512
e 2 216 -0.056873
e 3 216 -1.675773
e 216 4 -3.463696
e 216 5 -0.347397
e 216 6 0.341480
e 0 217 -0.578775
e 1 217 -0.032584
e 2 217 1.516800
e 3 217 -0.892075
e 217 220 0.249897
e 217 5 -0.003452
e 217 6 0.005512
e 0 218 -2.439442
e 1 218 -1.172312
e 2 218 -2.180988
e 3 218 -0.543935
e 218 4 0.152361
e 218 5 0.207279
e 218 6 0.050566
e 219 213 -0.362190
e 220 4 0.250448
e 221 215 0.893212
e 1 205 -0.021022
e 0 222 1.997369
e 1 232 0.330736
e 2 222 0.115846
e 3 222 -0.782073
e 222 4 0.759420
e 222 5 1.244245
e 222 6 -0.461810
e 0 238 -105.224316
e 1 223 -16.140885
e 2 223 -24.934720
e 3 223 -4.351359
e 223 4 -0.237168
e 223 5 -0.836088
e 223 6 -0.518811
e 0 224 0.327357
e 1 224 1.255082
e 2 224 -0.096449
e 3 224 1.711812
e 224 4 0.227563
e 224 5 0.297546
e 224 233 0.481329
e 0 226 2.486056
e 1 225 1.154215
e 2 225 -0.717415
e 3 225 -2.267390
e 225 4 0.046740
e 225 5 -0.171600
e 225 6 -0.135659
e 226 225 -2.128547
e 0 227 -2.441459
e 1 227 -0.553064
e 2 227 5.690888
e 3 231 -0.725288
e 227 4 -0.061807
e 227 5 -0.017057
e 227 6 -0.076647
e 0 228 0.030676
e 1 228 1.154996
e 2 228 -0.733775
e 3 228 0.999206
e 228 4 -0.053629
e 228 5 -0.647646
e 228 241 -0.303298
e 0 229 1.257373
e 1 229 1.051666
e 2 229 0.162810
e 3 229 -0.307033
e 229 4 -0.039228
e 229 5 -0.688873
e 229 6 0.575445
e 0 230 0.461678
e 1 230 0.392530
e 2 230 -2.811382
e 3 230 -1.555526
e 230 4 -1.515904
e 230 5 -0.723274
e 230 6 -0.314000
e 231 227 0.396671
e 232 222 -0.447868
e 3 4 -1.843376
e 233 6 0.310422
e 231 230 0.364771
e 0 234 2.684797
e 1 234 -2.352671
e 2 234 1.488683
e 3 234 -2.690405
e 234 4 2.449013
e 234 5 -0.321442
e 234 6 -0.356180
e 0 235 1.538095
e 1 235 -1.506601
e 2 239 0.549399
e 3 235 -0.499916
e 235 4 -0.136773
e 235 5 -0.032596
e 235 6 0.135581
e 0 236 0.501686
e 1 236 0.087217
e 2 236 -0.192580
e 3 236 0.184608
e 236 240 -0.476853
e 236 5 0.174045
e 236 6 -0.202129
e 0 237 0.284808
e 1 237 -0.368048
e 2 237 -1.064096
e 3 237 1.876166
e 237 4 -0.170979
e 237 5 -0.069334
e 237 6 0.012682
e 238 223 105.224251
e 236 225 0.917466
e 239 235 -1.126939
e 2 232 0.194686
e 240 4 0.104429
e 241 6 -0.259746
e 229 224 0.092154
e 242 208 2.723535
e 226 228 0.212794
e 243 6 0.168826
e 244 214 -0.390675
e 245 199 0.012881
e 228 214 -0.943328
e 246 90 0.417022
e 197 61 -1.312084
e 247 136 0.160225
e 100 127 -0.847598
