n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden gaussian
n 8 hidden sine
n 9 hidden sigmoid
n 10 hidden identity
n 11 hidden sine
n 12 hidden gaussian
n 13 hidden relu
n 14 hidden identity
n 15 hidden identity
n 16 hidden sine
n 17 hidden relu
n 18 hidden tanh
n 19 hidden sigmoid
n 20 hidden sine
n 21 hidden relu
n 22 hidden relu
n 23 hidden relu
n 24 hidden sine
n 25 hidden sine
n 26 hidden relu
n 27 hidden sine
n 28 hidden sigmoid
n 29 hidden sigmoid
n 30 hidden sine
n 31 hidden gaussian
n 32 hidden sigmoid
n 33 hidden relu
n 34 hidden sine
n 35 hidden sigmoid
n 36 hidden identity
n 37 hidden identity
n 38 hidden sine
n 39 hidden sine
n 40 hidden identity
n 41 hidden sine
n 42 hidden relu
n 43 hidden gaussian
n 44 hidden relu
n 45 hidden sigmoid
n 46 hidden tanh
n 47 hidden tanh
n 48 hidden sine
n 49 hidden sine
n 50 hidden sigmoid
n 51 hidden relu
n 52 hidden sine
n 53 hidden gaussian
n 54 hidden sigmoid
n 55 hidden gaussian
n 56 hidden gaussian
n 57 hidden sigmoid
n 58 hidden identity
n 59 hidden identity
n 60 hidden sigmoid
n 61 hidden identity
n 62 hidden tanh
n 63 hidden sigmoid
n 64 hidden sine
n 65 hidden relu
n 66 hidden sine
n 67 hidden sine
n 68 hidden tanh
n 69 hidden tanh
n 70 hidden tanh
n 71 hidden tanh
n 72 hidden relu
n 73 hidden relu
n 74 hidden relu
n 75 hidden gaussian
n 76 hidden relu
n 77 hidden sine
n 78 hidden identity
n 79 hidden sigmoid
n 80 hidden relu
n 81 hidden sine
n 82 hidden gaussian
n 83 hidden sigmoid
n 84 hidden gaussian
n 85 hidden gaussian
n 86 hidden sigmoid
n 87 hidden identity
n 88 hidden identity
n 89 hidden sigmoid
n 90 hidden identity
n 91 hidden tanh
n 92 hidden sigmoid
n 93 hidden sine
n 94 hidden relu
n 95 hidden gaussian
n 96 hidden sigmoid
n 97 hidden sine
n 98 hidden identity
n 99 hidden identity
n 100 hidden gaussian
n 101 hidden relu
n 102 hidden sine
n 103 hidden gaussian
n 104 hidden sine
n 105 hidden tanh
n 106 hidden tanh
n 107 hidden gaussian
n 108 hidden relu
n 109 hidden relu
n 110 hidden identity
n 111 hidden gaussian
n 112 hidden identity
n 113 hidden sine
n 114 hidden sigmoid
n 115 hidden relu
n 116 hidden sigmoid
n 117 hidden sigmoid
n 118 hidden relu
n 119 hidden sigmoid
n 120 hidden relu
n 121 hidden sine
n 122 hidden gaussian
n 123 hidden sigmoid
n 124 hidden gaussian
n 125 hidden gaussian
n 126 hidden sigmoid
n 127 hidden identity
n 128 hidden identity
n 129 hidden sigmoid
n 130 hidden identity
n 131 hidden sine
n 132 hidden tanh
n 133 hidden tanh
n 134 hidden sine
n 135 hidden sine
n 136 hidden relu
n 137 hidden identity
n 138 hidden relu
n 139 hidden sigmoid
n 140 hidden tanh
n 141 hidden gaussian
n 142 hidden sigmoid
n 143 hidden tanh
n 144 hidden sigmoid
n 145 hidden tanh
n 146 hidden tanh
n 147 hidden tanh
n 148 hidden gaussian
n 149 hidden relu
n 150 hidden sine
n 151 hidden gaussian
n 152 hidden identity
n 153 hidden relu
n 154 hidden sine
n 155 hidden gaussian
n 156 hidden identity
n 157 hidden identity
n 158 hidden gaussian
n 159 hidden gaussian
n 160 hidden relu
n 161 hidden sine
n 162 hidden relu
n 163 hidden sigmoid
n 164 hidden tanh
n 165 hidden relu
n 166 hidden sine
n 167 hidden gaussian
n 168 hidden identity
n 169 hidden relu
n 170 hidden sine
n 171 hidden gaussian
n 172 hidden identity
n 173 hidden identity
n 174 hidden gaussian
n 175 hidden identity
n 176 hidden gaussian
n 177 hidden sine
n 178 hidden gaussian
n 179 hidden gaussian
e 0 7 1.613023
e 1 7 0.586736
e 2 7 -0.526857
e 3 11 -2.374803
e 7 12 2.351877
e 7 5 0.079066
e 7 6 -0.363581
e 0 8 -0.061172
e 1 8 -2.707871
e 2 8 2.370813
e 3 8 0.265215
e 8 4 0.053170
e 8 5 0.166471
e 8 6 0.110869
e 0 9 0.627936
e 1 9 -0.308821
e 2 9 -0.343600
e 3 14 0.207433
e 9 4 0.168286
e 9 5 0.017036
e 9 6 0.412940
e 0 13 -0.268224
e 1 10 -0.020167
e 2 10 -1.330518
e 3 10 1.846779
e 10 4 -0.382071
e 10 5 -0.073258
e 10 6 -0.524616
e 6 5 0.179295
e 11 7 1.542271
e 12 4 0.257192
e 13 10 0.182026
e 14 9 -0.109223
e 0 15 -0.121382
e 1 15 0.118624
e 2 15 0.660927
e 3 15 -0.802249
e 15 4 0.113851
e 15 5 0.020103
e 15 6 0.113572
e 0 44 0.893154
e 1 16 -1.544263
e 2 16 -0.118185
e 3 16 0.242089
e 16 4 0.237154
e 16 5 0.107504
e 16 6 0.122161
e 0 17 -2.184419
e 1 17 -1.016464
e 2 17 0.539495
e 3 17 -2.006580
e 17 4 -0.028269
e 17 5 0.065515
e 17 6 0.094314
e 0 18 0.729111
e 1 18 -0.323171
e 2 18 -0.751240
e 3 18 1.977200
e 18 4 -0.349928
e 18 5 -0.420303
e 18 6 -0.157692
e 0 19 -0.254549
e 1 19 -0.356217
e 2 19 1.856459
e 3 19 0.301793
e 19 4 -0.367655
e 19 5 0.167688
e 19 6 0.249395
e 0 20 0.395820
e 1 20 -0.029453
e 2 20 -2.450480
e 3 20 -0.879950
e 20 4 -0.481475
e 20 5 -0.032065
e 20 6 0.157894
e 0 21 -3.058674
e 1 21 -1.262391
e 2 21 1.441823
e 3 21 -1.985220
e 21 4 0.060574
e 21 5 0.011744
e 21 6 -0.053281
e 0 22 -6.725437
e 1 22 -4.562361
e 2 22 -3.922525
e 3 22 -0.840961
e 22 4 0.098772
e 22 5 -0.183396
e 22 6 -0.492875
e 0 23 -4.677959
e 1 23 -3.813086
e 2 23 3.035425
e 3 23 -3.432871
e 23 4 0.249581
e 23 5 0.077745
e 23 6 0.121777
e 0 24 -0.316449
e 1 24 2.289673
e 2 24 1.808016
e 3 24 2.049651
e 24 4 -0.197622
e 24 5 0.027254
e 24 35 0.033036
e 0 25 1.131997
e 1 25 -0.360804
e 2 33 1.973359
e 3 25 -1.832843
e 25 4 -0.209101
e 25 5 -0.053882
e 25 6 -0.155682
e 0 26 -16.939472
e 1 26 -11.892861
e 2 26 -8.753137
e 3 26 -2.780041
e 26 4 -0.477924
e 26 5 -0.220117
e 26 6 -0.222822
e 0 27 -4.015595
e 1 27 -2.117341
e 2 27 -4.847998
e 3 27 0.178600
e 27 4 -0.157768
e 27 5 -0.030559
e 27 34 0.217941
e 0 32 -0.289163
e 1 28 -0.535345
e 2 28 3.841613
e 3 28 -0.780320
e 28 4 -0.230198
e 28 5 -0.130320
e 28 6 0.019117
e 0 29 0.006038
e 1 31 0.536221
e 2 29 0.596237
e 3 29 -0.596117
e 29 4 -0.074234
e 29 5 0.060880
e 29 6 0.157603
e 0 30 2.828098
e 1 30 -0.861193
e 2 30 -3.971659
e 3 30 0.806948
e 30 4 -0.060053
e 30 5 -0.033966
e 30 6 0.026892
e 31 29 0.988992
e 32 28 -1.933837
e 33 25 -1.920049
e 28 26 -2.121463
e 34 6 0.241073
e 25 31 -0.529283
e 35 6 1.134284
e 0 36 -0.076217
e 1 36 0.314848
e 2 36 0.988497
e 3 36 -1.891704
e 36 4 0.204375
e 36 5 0.023713
e 36 40 -0.012714
e 0 37 0.155526
e 1 37 -0.110144
e 2 37 -0.860299
e 3 37 0.951686
e 37 4 -0.143286
e 37 5 -0.026892
e 37 6 -0.132678
e 0 38 1.798756
e 1 38 2.506632
e 2 38 -1.636575
e 3 41 -0.568854
e 38 4 -0.255583
e 38 5 -0.109357
e 38 6 0.073186
e 0 39 -3.530569
e 1 39 -4.114663
e 2 39 0.358478
e 3 42 -2.094692
e 39 4 0.073364
e 39 43 -0.250499
e 39 6 -0.053034
e 40 6 1.134306
e 41 38 0.749200
e 42 39 0.494585
e 38 42 -0.265900
e 43 5 0.525678
e 0 42 0.425535
e 2 31 0.189119
e 44 16 -1.192465
e 38 19 -0.738161
e 0 45 1.230505
e 1 45 0.800626
e 2 45 0.732720
e 3 45 -0.145911
e 45 4 -0.759479
e 45 5 -0.049164
e 45 6 0.679589
e 0 46 -0.058400
e 1 46 -0.195205
e 2 46 -0.560843
e 3 46 2.082462
e 46 4 -0.504820
e 46 5 -0.173404
e 46 6 -0.341509
e 0 47 -2.603278
e 1 67 3.849434
e 2 47 -4.805595
e 3 47 1.842386
e 47 4 -1.655930
e 47 5 0.432279
e 47 6 0.077698
e 0 48 2.205591
e 1 48 2.301218
e 2 49 -1.615034
e 3 48 1.101321
e 48 4 -0.085454
e 48 5 -0.000369
e 48 6 -0.084456
e 49 48 1.184745
e 3 5 0.873434
e 0 65 -1.328073
e 1 50 -1.046793
e 2 62 -7.188282
e 3 50 -1.534957
e 50 61 -0.825677
e 50 5 -0.315168
e 50 54 -1.409759
e 0 51 -16.510577
e 1 51 -14.909824
e 2 51 -6.610974
e 3 51 -3.018306
e 51 4 0.345282
e 51 5 0.081128
e 51 6 0.040963
e 0 52 -0.561350
e 1 52 2.201576
e 2 52 1.419551
e 3 52 -3.734164
e 52 4 0.294846
e 52 5 0.055454
e 52 6 0.135254
e 0 63 -1.170590
e 1 53 0.158555
e 2 53 1.269713
e 3 53 2.946008
e 53 4 0.277375
e 53 66 0.081731
e 53 6 0.112112
e 54 6 0.251999
e 0 55 1.094484
e 1 64 -1.334786
e 2 55 0.256529
e 3 55 -0.296774
e 55 4 -2.198588
e 55 5 -0.680831
e 55 6 -0.489032
e 0 56 1.187263
e 1 56 1.575436
e 2 56 0.040254
e 3 56 -0.503801
e 56 4 0.327051
e 56 5 0.990271
e 56 6 -1.679065
e 0 60 -11.155835
e 1 57 -6.818651
e 2 57 -3.913011
e 3 57 -4.431608
e 57 4 0.257792
e 57 5 0.058738
e 57 59 -1.146644
e 0 58 0.108451
e 1 58 -0.632366
e 2 58 0.556916
e 3 58 0.230119
e 58 4 0.035117
e 58 5 0.034924
e 58 6 0.598654
e 59 68 0.519216
e 60 57 0.394204
e 61 4 0.761258
e 62 50 0.250311
e 3 4 -0.447801
e 63 53 0.216441
e 64 55 0.850666
e 51 64 -0.441597
e 65 50 -0.298723
e 58 59 -0.390633
e 66 5 1.933677
e 67 47 -0.565305
e 68 6 1.731403
e 50 55 -0.210985
e 45 57 0.439764
e 0 69 -1.304346
e 1 69 1.263986
e 2 73 0.546609
e 3 69 0.704020
e 69 4 1.168897
e 69 5 0.307285
e 69 6 0.317099
e 0 70 -0.713336
e 1 70 -0.692435
e 2 70 0.257102
e 3 70 0.652441
e 70 4 -0.550384
e 70 5 -0.405899
e 70 6 -0.089686
e 0 71 -0.928407
e 1 71 0.022138
e 2 71 -0.253221
e 3 71 0.224508
e 71 4 0.169274
e 71 5 0.326189
e 71 6 -0.057838
e 0 72 -4.925034
e 1 72 -4.668875
e 2 72 -0.118584
e 3 72 -2.109963
e 72 4 0.073142
e 72 5 -0.162415
e 72 6 -0.218129
e 73 69 -0.633544
e 0 74 -13.049989
e 1 74 -7.167213
e 2 74 -8.376120
e 3 74 -2.185863
e 74 4 -0.192955
e 74 5 0.206988
e 74 6 -0.173758
e 0 75 0.563692
e 1 75 -1.988668
e 2 75 0.781985
e 3 75 1.423223
e 75 4 -0.180837
e 75 5 0.070315
e 75 6 0.743102
e 0 76 -1.658044
e 1 76 -1.739587
e 2 76 1.964308
e 3 76 -2.682540
e 76 4 -0.011197
e 76 78 -0.058402
e 76 6 0.128605
e 0 77 0.697496
e 1 77 0.142186
e 2 77 -1.402757
e 3 77 -1.299758
e 77 4 -0.092109
e 77 5 0.069553
e 77 6 0.152209
e 78 5 -0.548047
e 1 6 -0.137751
e 0 94 -0.286004
e 1 79 -4.124255
e 2 91 -7.199956
e 3 79 -1.581255
e 79 90 -0.825683
e 79 5 -0.315180
e 79 83 -1.409759
e 0 80 -4.102943
e 1 80 -3.766021
e 2 80 -0.031564
e 3 80 -2.338051
e 80 4 0.641167
e 80 5 0.107439
e 80 6 0.036213
e 0 81 -0.215860
e 1 81 1.141047
e 2 81 0.966870
e 3 81 -2.645910
e 81 4 0.058422
e 81 5 0.008835
e 81 6 0.050612
e 0 92 -1.170719
e 1 82 0.155881
e 2 82 1.268431
e 3 82 2.945960
e 82 4 0.277706
e 82 5 0.082029
e 82 6 0.112139
e 83 6 0.249518
e 0 84 0.797329
e 1 93 -0.309941
e 2 84 0.434990
e 3 84 0.000220
e 84 4 -1.889016
e 84 5 -0.329273
e 84 6 -0.471497
e 0 85 1.189972
e 1 85 1.565025
e 2 85 0.022516
e 3 85 -0.508451
e 85 4 0.232913
e 85 5 1.044875
e 85 6 -1.669184
e 0 89 -11.012498
e 1 86 -5.442765
e 2 86 -3.098770
e 3 86 -4.369200
e 86 4 0.257792
e 86 5 0.058738
e 86 88 -1.146644
e 0 87 -0.256183
e 1 87 0.219530
e 2 87 0.850901
e 3 87 -0.829345
e 87 4 0.139130
e 87 5 0.029880
e 87 6 0.072801
e 88 6 0.372315
e 89 86 0.390493
e 90 4 0.761264
e 91 79 0.281183
e 3 4 -0.447801
e 92 82 0.216464
e 93 84 0.770955
e 80 93 -0.257227
e 94 79 -0.365450
e 87 88 -0.105176
e 0 95 2.579606
e 1 95 -0.243387
e 2 95 -0.203911
e 3 95 -0.703902
e 95 4 1.359810
e 95 5 -0.166988
e 95 6 -0.008766
e 0 96 -2.685547
e 1 96 -3.238652
e 2 96 -1.777818
e 3 104 -0.695917
e 96 4 0.389960
e 96 5 -1.025127
e 96 6 0.938161
e 0 97 -0.652461
e 1 97 1.265044
e 2 97 0.597248
e 3 97 -1.523137
e 97 4 -0.783306
e 97 5 -0.047282
e 97 105 0.048419
e 0 98 -0.005643
e 1 98 0.191162
e 2 98 0.713542
e 3 98 -1.470066
e 98 4 0.142863
e 98 5 0.012337
e 98 6 0.114338
e 0 99 -0.250457
e 1 99 -0.122646
e 2 99 -0.416244
e 3 99 1.806487
e 99 4 -0.112961
e 99 5 -0.006693
e 99 6 0.060971
e 0 100 0.129298
e 1 100 1.323594
e 2 100 0.853441
e 3 100 -2.001450
e 100 4 1.889029
e 100 5 0.083877
e 100 6 0.490866
e 0 101 -1.550973
e 1 101 -0.819376
e 2 101 0.417314
e 3 101 -1.494385
e 101 103 0.126803
e 101 5 0.032407
e 101 6 0.033953
e 0 102 4.020380
e 1 102 4.218838
e 2 102 3.769723
e 3 102 1.039760
e 102 4 -0.027644
e 102 5 -0.029059
e 102 6 0.003669
e 103 4 -0.796724
e 104 96 -0.413674
e 105 6 -0.254410
e 0 106 -0.512398
e 1 106 0.393674
e 2 106 0.474392
e 3 106 -0.894497
e 106 4 -0.580355
e 106 5 -0.136430
e 106 6 -0.116361
e 0 107 -0.709209
e 1 107 0.016137
e 2 107 1.989917
e 3 107 0.181062
e 107 4 -0.120927
e 107 5 0.371418
e 107 6 0.727596
e 0 108 -10.158728
e 1 108 -3.198973
e 2 108 2.972996
e 3 114 -3.168942
e 108 178 0.221237
e 108 5 0.053515
e 108 6 0.154912
e 0 109 -6.659106
e 1 109 -5.327614
e 2 179 0.178787
e 3 109 -1.426886
e 109 4 0.332574
e 109 5 -0.068374
e 109 6 -0.204638
e 0 110 -0.252542
e 1 110 0.176640
e 2 110 0.405628
e 3 110 -0.089199
e 110 4 0.058248
e 110 5 0.021419
e 110 6 -0.090366
e 0 111 1.624325
e 1 111 -0.613308
e 2 111 -0.367657
e 3 111 -0.922354
e 111 4 -2.842774
e 111 5 -0.189724
e 111 6 0.657504
e 0 112 -0.361920
e 1 112 0.032842
e 2 112 1.337057
e 3 112 -0.733704
e 112 4 0.186372
e 112 5 0.064259
e 112 6 0.090620
e 0 113 -2.493768
e 1 113 -0.942179
e 2 113 -1.428829
e 3 113 -1.051379
e 113 4 -0.035422
e 113 5 0.111344
e 113 6 -0.031100
e 114 108 -0.362189
e 0 115 -17.347822
e 1 115 -13.996791
e 2 115 -26.475388
e 3 132 -1.870284
e 115 4 -0.697224
e 115 5 -0.434204
e 115 6 0.063554
e 0 116 1.480070
e 1 116 -1.705977
e 2 116 2.345316
e 3 116 -1.288621
e 116 4 0.747426
e 116 5 -0.134301
e 116 6 -0.109017
e 0 117 0.636947
e 1 117 1.363814
e 2 117 0.168517
e 3 117 0.660744
e 117 4 -0.600097
e 117 5 -0.036400
e 117 6 0.018875
e 0 118 -8.668094
e 1 118 -4.436893
e 2 118 -0.151757
e 3 118 -2.078965
e 118 4 0.167616
e 118 5 0.163168
e 118 6 -0.019631
e 116 117 -2.187867
e 0 119 0.249675
e 1 119 -4.244446
e 2 119 -7.900107
e 3 119 -1.511505
e 119 130 -0.825686
e 119 5 -0.315184
e 119 123 -1.409759
e 0 120 -9.833437
e 1 120 -6.615307
e 2 120 -3.025402
e 3 120 -3.282841
e 120 4 0.179275
e 120 5 0.167142
e 120 6 -0.043787
e 0 121 -0.287129
e 1 121 1.085221
e 2 121 1.034158
e 3 121 -2.566094
e 121 4 0.015965
e 121 5 -0.023138
e 121 6 -0.012837
e 0 122 -1.241547
e 1 122 0.690427
e 2 122 1.851954
e 3 122 2.788869
e 122 4 1.080132
e 122 5 0.153526
e 122 6 0.152960
e 123 6 0.210215
e 0 124 0.495440
e 1 124 0.531587
e 2 124 0.080485
e 3 124 -0.378033
e 124 4 -2.242017
e 124 5 -0.505139
e 124 6 -0.697368
e 0 131 5.137229
e 1 125 1.858616
e 2 125 2.031276
e 3 125 -0.295609
e 125 4 1.392510
e 125 5 -0.250660
e 125 6 -0.614134
e 0 129 -11.073244
e 1 126 -5.242081
e 2 126 -3.215249
e 3 133 -4.405219
e 126 4 0.257792
e 126 5 0.058738
e 126 128 -1.146644
e 0 127 -0.289808
e 1 127 -0.027869
e 2 127 1.203540
e 3 127 -0.659813
e 127 4 0.164614
e 127 5 0.062517
e 127 6 0.052219
e 128 6 0.374675
e 129 126 0.387524
e 130 4 0.761268
e 131 125 3.978048
e 132 115 0.344792
e 133 126 -0.217258
e 0 134 -1.133298
e 1 134 1.558157
e 2 134 2.343496
e 3 134 -0.667480
e 134 4 -0.141866
e 134 5 -0.017680
e 134 6 0.153193
e 0 135 -1.065135
e 1 138 1.293928
e 2 135 0.046211
e 3 135 -0.304598
e 135 4 0.481357
e 135 5 -0.005134
e 135 6 0.022213
e 0 136 -13.450433
e 1 136 -9.244020
e 2 136 -3.889423
e 3 136 -0.957101
e 136 4 -0.199794
e 136 5 -0.005506
e 136 6 0.139009
e 0 137 0.415088
e 1 137 0.110198
e 2 137 -1.211428
e 3 137 0.028237
e 137 4 -0.140655
e 137 5 -0.073409
e 137 6 -0.072305
e 138 135 -1.122783
e 0 139 0.449415
e 1 139 0.596035
e 2 139 0.263152
e 3 139 -0.744447
e 139 4 0.437522
e 139 5 0.658085
e 139 6 -0.056796
e 0 140 -0.257868
e 1 140 0.815914
e 2 140 -1.074265
e 3 140 -0.785931
e 140 4 0.464429
e 140 5 -0.276556
e 140 6 -0.411533
e 0 141 -0.444456
e 1 141 0.140515
e 2 141 2.748592
e 3 141 2.080467
e 141 4 -1.401314
e 141 5 -1.164236
e 141 6 0.353979
e 0 142 -0.109335
e 1 142 0.402621
e 2 142 1.081448
e 3 142 -0.722644
e 142 4 -0.474312
e 142 5 -0.048938
e 142 6 0.039659
e 0 143 -1.393318
e 1 147 -0.731312
e 2 143 -2.501204
e 3 143 1.237718
e 143 4 -1.016666
e 143 5 0.418402
e 143 6 0.493170
e 0 144 0.421054
e 1 144 1.125813
e 2 144 1.054264
e 3 144 0.220868
e 144 4 -0.910168
e 144 5 1.506731
e 144 148 0.955336
e 0 145 -0.754810
e 1 145 -0.411370
e 2 145 1.725017
e 3 145 -0.157807
e 145 4 -0.308488
e 145 5 -0.186416
e 145 6 -0.248758
e 0 146 0.527310
e 1 146 1.262585
e 2 146 0.599548
e 3 146 -0.191610
e 146 4 0.829430
e 146 5 -1.320577
e 146 6 -0.405715
e 147 143 1.386976
e 148 6 1.006873
e 143 141 0.815512
e 0 149 -16.201543
e 1 149 -20.477858
e 2 149 -10.155407
e 3 159 -2.712930
e 149 4 -0.518595
e 149 5 -0.163494
e 149 6 -0.040614
e 0 150 -2.842360
e 1 150 -1.017885
e 2 150 -0.604670
e 3 150 0.159617
e 150 4 -0.020992
e 150 5 -0.080569
e 150 6 -0.121226
e 0 151 0.068364
e 1 151 2.307257
e 2 151 0.420852
e 3 151 -1.342648
e 151 4 3.107133
e 151 5 0.770759
e 151 6 0.543990
e 0 152 0.164011
e 1 152 -0.580345
e 2 152 -0.829097
e 3 152 1.892535
e 152 4 -0.396097
e 152 5 -0.008742
e 152 6 0.020535
e 0 153 -16.203440
e 1 153 -20.479179
e 2 153 -10.156689
e 3 153 -3.654366
e 153 4 -0.518595
e 153 5 -0.163494
e 153 6 -0.040614
e 0 154 -1.937381
e 1 154 0.481147
e 2 154 -1.327590
e 3 154 0.239933
e 154 4 0.232371
e 154 5 -0.069576
e 154 157 0.173501
e 0 158 -0.504864
e 1 155 1.219397
e 2 155 0.826052
e 3 155 -1.344817
e 155 4 3.150773
e 155 5 0.425476
e 155 6 0.282174
e 0 156 0.370095
e 1 156 -0.760682
e 2 156 -1.121282
e 3 156 1.897869
e 156 4 -0.178055
e 156 5 -0.008013
e 156 6 0.006621
e 157 6 -0.906015
e 158 155 -0.807704
e 152 156 -1.207064
e 144 136 -3.000729
e 159 149 0.450490
e 0 164 -0.612630
e 1 160 -2.672132
e 2 160 0.768598
e 3 160 -2.368794
e 160 4 0.204967
e 160 5 -0.106213
e 160 6 -0.027382
e 0 161 0.878559
e 1 161 -1.219629
e 2 161 -0.447687
e 3 161 -1.190605
e 161 4 -0.148846
e 161 5 -0.088036
e 161 6 -0.214434
e 0 162 -3.035963
e 1 162 -1.499491
e 2 162 -0.124297
e 3 162 -0.948886
e 162 4 0.331141
e 162 5 0.040070
e 162 6 -0.005981
e 0 163 -0.223908
e 1 163 0.288259
e 2 163 0.371973
e 3 163 0.421160
e 163 4 -0.243073
e 163 5 -0.074992
e 163 6 -0.199158
e 164 160 1.871980
e 0 165 -14.120032
e 1 165 -19.673518
e 2 165 -9.223191
e 3 165 -3.237862
e 165 4 -0.756491
e 165 5 -0.117360
e 165 6 0.043483
e 0 166 -2.018754
e 1 166 0.254208
e 2 166 -1.245155
e 3 166 -0.188755
e 166 4 -0.483855
e 166 5 0.019731
e 166 6 0.046318
e 0 167 0.093751
e 1 167 1.351106
e 2 167 0.683842
e 3 167 -1.276560
e 167 4 2.988235
e 167 5 0.658078
e 167 6 0.679432
e 0 168 0.269342
e 1 168 -0.552139
e 2 168 -1.026169
e 3 168 1.803098
e 168 4 -0.208005
e 168 5 -0.017013
e 168 6 0.021434
e 0 169 -13.055889
e 1 169 -19.341458
e 2 169 -8.849214
e 3 169 -3.070934
e 169 4 -0.756491
e 169 175 -0.091106
e 169 6 0.043483
e 0 170 -2.121293
e 1 170 -0.231951
e 2 174 -0.913591
e 3 176 -0.102339
e 170 4 -0.669337
e 170 5 -0.193558
e 170 177 -0.062873
e 0 171 0.095297
e 1 171 1.357392
e 2 171 0.679267
e 3 171 -1.280164
e 171 4 2.986561
e 171 5 0.660569
e 171 6 0.681192
e 0 172 0.269342
e 1 172 -0.552139
e 2 172 -1.026169
e 3 172 1.803098
e 172 4 -0.208005
e 172 5 -0.017013
e 172 6 0.021434
e 173 6 -0.874986
e 174 170 -0.055441
e 167 174 0.918120
e 175 5 0.520302
e 176 170 0.198052
e 174 175 0.497807
e 177 173 1.165627
e 178 4 1.571944
e 179 109 0.680236
e 153 117 1.014114
