n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 hidden relu
n 6 hidden relu
n 7 hidden identity
n 8 hidden sigmoid
n 9 hidden sigmoid
n 10 hidden gaussian
n 11 hidden tanh
n 12 hidden identity
n 13 hidden identity
n 14 hidden sigmoid
n 15 hidden sigmoid
n 16 hidden tanh
n 17 hidden sigmoid
n 18 hidden identity
n 19 hidden gaussian
n 20 hidden tanh
n 21 hidden sigmoid
n 22 hidden identity
n 23 hidden tanh
n 24 hidden sigmoid
n 25 hidden identity
n 26 hidden identity
n 27 hidden sine
n 28 hidden sine
n 29 hidden identity
n 30 hidden identity
n 31 hidden sigmoid
n 32 hidden sine
n 33 hidden identity
n 34 hidden tanh
n 35 hidden tanh
n 36 hidden relu
n 37 hidden sigmoid
n 38 hidden tanh
n 39 hidden sigmoid
n 40 hidden identity
n 41 hidden gaussian
n 42 hidden tanh
n 43 hidden identity
n 44 hidden identity
n 45 hidden sine
n 46 hidden identity
n 47 hidden identity
n 48 hidden identity
n 49 hidden identity
n 50 hidden identity
n 51 hidden tanh
n 52 hidden identity
n 53 hidden identity
n 54 hidden gaussian
n 55 hidden tanh
n 56 hidden relu
n 57 hidden sine
n 58 hidden identity
n 59 hidden relu
n 60 hidden relu
n 61 hidden relu
n 62 hidden gaussian
n 63 hidden tanh
n 64 hidden relu
n 65 hidden identity
n 66 hidden sine
n 67 hidden tanh
n 68 hidden sigmoid
n 69 hidden sine
n 70 hidden identity
n 71 hidden tanh
n 72 hidden identity
n 73 hidden sigmoid
n 74 hidden gaussian
n 75 hidden gaussian
n 76 hidden gaussian
n 77 hidden identity
n 78 hidden sine
n 79 hidden gaussian
n 80 hidden identity
n 81 hidden relu
n 82 hidden relu
n 83 hidden sine
n 84 hidden sine
n 85 hidden relu
n 86 hidden relu
n 87 hidden identity
n 88 hidden gaussian
n 89 hidden identity
n 90 hidden sine
n 91 hidden gaussian
n 92 hidden relu
n 93 hidden tanh
n 94 hidden tanh
n 95 hidden gaussian
n 96 hidden tanh
n 97 hidden sigmoid
n 98 hidden identity
n 99 hidden tanh
n 100 hidden sigmoid
n 101 hidden identity
n 102 hidden identity
n 103 hidden sine
n 104 hidden sine
n 105 hidden identity
n 106 hidden identity
n 107 hidden sigmoid
n 108 hidden sine
n 109 hidden identity
n 110 hidden tanh
n 111 hidden sine
n 112 hidden sine
n 113 hidden relu
n 114 hidden tanh
n 115 hidden sigmoid
n 116 hidden sigmoid
n 117 hidden identity
n 118 hidden identity
n 119 hidden identity
n 120 hidden identity
n 121 hidden identity
n 122 hidden identity
n 123 hidden identity
n 124 hidden gaussian
n 125 hidden gaussian
n 126 hidden sigmoid
n 127 hidden sine
n 128 hidden relu
n 129 hidden relu
n 130 hidden identity
n 131 hidden sigmoid
n 132 hidden sigmoid
n 133 hidden gaussian
n 134 hidden tanh
n 135 hidden identity
n 136 hidden identity
n 137 hidden sigmoid
n 138 hidden sigmoid
n 139 hidden tanh
n 140 hidden sigmoid
n 141 hidden identity
n 142 hidden gaussian
n 143 hidden tanh
n 144 hidden sigmoid
n 145 hidden identity
n 146 hidden tanh
n 147 hidden sigmoid
n 148 hidden identity
n 149 hidden identity
n 150 hidden sine
n 151 hidden sine
n 152 hidden identity
n 153 hidden identity
n 154 hidden sigmoid
n 155 hidden sine
n 156 hidden identity
n 157 hidden tanh
n 158 hidden tanh
n 159 hidden relu
n 160 hidden sigmoid
n 161 hidden tanh
n 162 hidden sigmoid
n 163 hidden identity
n 164 hidden gaussian
n 165 hidden tanh
n 166 hidden identity
n 167 hidden identity
n 168 hidden sigmoid
n 169 hidden tanh
n 170 hidden tanh
n 171 hidden sine
n 172 hidden tanh
e 0 5 -24.739129
e 1 5 -14.330309
e 2 5 -13.725569
e 3 5 -6.691836
e 5 4 -0.177038
e 0 6 -6.909224
e 1 6 -14.393652
e 2 6 -7.241067
e 3 6 -3.511762
e 6 4 0.107990
e 1 7 0.388709
e 2 7 1.034945
e 3 7 -1.724943
e 7 4 0.012822
e 0 8 0.555761
e 2 8 -0.750540
e 3 8 0.626000
e 8 4 0.278790
e 0 9 0.596581
e 9 7 -1.220868
e 0 10 1.674262
e 2 10 1.556393
e 3 10 -1.834133
e 10 4 -1.629930
e 0 11 -0.417207
e 1 11 0.444695
e 2 11 0.999625
e 3 11 -0.541823
e 11 4 0.256946
e 0 12 0.180676
e 2 12 0.060084
e 3 12 -0.770739
e 12 4 0.023622
e 0 13 0.397777
e 1 13 0.000793
e 2 13 0.547656
e 3 13 -2.293401
e 13 4 0.101133
e 13 11 -1.088096
e 1 14 1.168472
e 14 8 -1.182682
e 0 15 -36.399328
e 1 15 -27.905289
e 2 15 -24.572516
e 3 15 -1.229038
e 15 4 -3.237427
e 0 16 -0.192451
e 1 16 0.076192
e 2 16 0.328005
e 3 16 0.809649
e 16 4 -0.976360
e 0 17 -2.487381
e 1 17 1.285828
e 2 17 -0.259843
e 3 17 -0.260804
e 17 4 0.130256
e 0 18 -0.066213
e 1 18 0.008981
e 2 18 -0.357241
e 3 18 0.805206
e 18 4 -0.020134
e 0 19 -0.060918
e 1 19 2.125885
e 2 19 0.096641
e 19 4 2.207095
e 0 20 0.270151
e 1 20 -0.723814
e 2 20 0.335997
e 3 20 -0.125574
e 20 4 0.061364
e 0 21 -5.714822
e 1 21 -8.783010
e 2 21 -8.993585
e 3 21 -1.644474
e 21 4 -1.126900
e 0 22 0.176965
e 1 22 0.180513
e 2 22 0.420831
e 3 22 -1.828524
e 22 4 0.022577
e 0 23 0.422467
e 1 23 -1.334071
e 2 23 0.521352
e 3 23 -0.620295
e 23 4 -0.286392
e 0 24 -0.469614
e 1 24 1.798968
e 2 24 0.359434
e 3 24 1.067975
e 24 4 0.637103
e 0 25 0.127798
e 1 25 -0.009378
e 2 25 0.392889
e 3 25 -1.053674
e 25 4 0.056822
e 0 26 -0.018394
e 1 26 -0.163497
e 2 26 0.160836
e 3 26 0.266140
e 26 4 0.013521
e 25 26 -0.309062
e 0 27 -2.306747
e 1 27 -3.061845
e 2 27 -0.001396
e 3 27 -1.359035
e 27 4 -0.130324
e 0 28 1.722758
e 1 28 1.502159
e 2 28 -2.876345
e 3 28 1.045233
e 28 4 0.010361
e 0 29 -0.278815
e 1 29 -0.209273
e 2 29 -0.517972
e 3 29 2.397219
e 29 4 -0.034517
e 0 30 -0.046626
e 1 30 0.059449
e 2 30 -0.396147
e 3 30 0.661153
e 30 4 -0.022472
e 0 31 -1.558342
e 1 31 0.612005
e 2 31 0.817536
e 3 31 -0.744725
e 31 4 -0.026717
e 0 32 -0.533958
e 1 32 -0.404851
e 2 32 1.041959
e 3 32 1.332033
e 32 4 -0.052128
e 0 33 0.044389
e 1 33 0.160725
e 2 33 -0.201880
e 33 4 -0.012339
e 0 34 0.047350
e 1 34 -0.086663
e 2 34 -0.267306
e 3 34 -2.197261
e 34 4 -0.539011
e 3 35 0.672681
e 35 19 -0.913564
e 19 34 0.114270
e 32 19 -0.320290
e 1 36 -9.246219
e 2 36 -4.533174
e 3 36 -4.746524
e 36 4 -0.113224
e 0 37 -0.106921
e 1 37 0.551080
e 2 37 0.223725
e 3 37 -0.232411
e 37 4 0.224964
e 0 38 -1.632445
e 1 38 0.381891
e 2 38 -0.208066
e 3 38 0.243927
e 38 4 0.649805
e 1 39 2.012647
e 2 39 -2.406928
e 3 39 -2.313045
e 39 4 -0.086149
e 0 40 1.354897
e 40 39 -1.369212
e 0 41 2.376517
e 1 41 -0.545034
e 2 41 1.117983
e 3 41 -1.762247
e 41 4 -1.577605
e 0 42 -0.143687
e 1 42 0.360107
e 2 42 0.875306
e 3 42 -0.742182
e 42 4 0.294281
e 0 43 0.102309
e 1 43 0.213004
e 2 43 -0.071694
e 3 43 -0.831445
e 43 4 -0.004503
e 0 44 0.180913
e 1 44 0.106058
e 2 44 0.674041
e 3 44 -2.043041
e 44 4 0.041223
e 44 42 -0.591769
e 32 11 -0.026234
e 25 29 0.689639
e 3 45 -0.367378
e 45 33 0.740364
e 0 46 400.359311
e 46 36 -400.357439
e 0 47 0.084249
e 1 47 -0.103858
e 2 47 0.495005
e 3 47 -0.825828
e 47 4 0.033556
e 0 48 0.147733
e 1 48 0.157221
e 2 48 0.180451
e 3 48 -1.252004
e 48 4 0.013120
e 0 49 -0.185776
e 1 49 -0.244062
e 2 49 -0.348034
e 3 49 1.916880
e 49 4 -0.016866
e 0 50 -0.160030
e 1 50 -0.045169
e 2 50 -0.714962
e 3 50 1.885206
e 50 4 -0.039251
e 0 51 0.107777
e 1 51 -0.103940
e 2 51 0.909288
e 3 51 0.918926
e 51 4 -0.652003
e 0 52 0.153942
e 1 52 0.011357
e 2 52 0.663451
e 3 52 -1.663162
e 52 4 0.029427
e 0 53 -0.019317
e 1 53 -0.070427
e 2 53 -0.197950
e 3 53 0.607799
e 53 4 -0.003465
e 0 54 -0.756343
e 1 54 -0.962534
e 2 54 -0.346416
e 3 54 0.016851
e 54 4 1.013759
e 0 55 -1.383971
e 1 55 0.842710
e 2 55 -0.273874
e 3 55 0.236622
e 55 4 0.221445
e 0 56 -0.440081
e 1 56 -3.726160
e 2 56 2.090229
e 3 56 -1.666673
e 0 57 -1.458301
e 1 57 0.402292
e 2 57 -0.067537
e 3 57 1.711352
e 57 4 0.166412
e 0 58 -0.249199
e 1 58 -0.175957
e 2 58 -0.457418
e 3 58 2.128221
e 58 4 -0.039833
e 56 59 0.107169
e 59 4 0.105364
e 57 55 -0.285061
e 0 60 -6.607396
e 1 60 -11.212116
e 2 60 -5.029976
e 3 60 -0.712758
e 60 4 0.540037
e 0 61 -6.353766
e 1 61 -10.713703
e 2 61 -3.570898
e 3 61 -4.155088
e 61 4 0.358031
e 0 62 1.977727
e 1 62 -1.199690
e 2 62 -0.500881
e 3 62 1.114003
e 62 4 0.557280
e 0 63 -1.633704
e 1 63 0.640696
e 2 63 -0.179565
e 3 63 0.474794
e 63 4 0.074618
e 0 64 -7.295352
e 1 64 -12.327969
e 2 64 -3.221411
e 3 64 -4.137325
e 64 4 0.576160
e 0 65 0.067970
e 1 65 0.328812
e 2 65 -0.416763
e 3 65 -0.461938
e 65 4 -0.027910
e 0 66 -0.765044
e 1 66 -1.148837
e 2 66 -1.663985
e 3 66 -0.648088
e 66 4 -0.336024
e 0 67 -0.144108
e 1 67 -0.231826
e 2 67 -0.294424
e 3 67 1.732723
e 67 68 1.735247
e 68 4 -0.443998
e 67 69 -0.485010
e 69 4 -0.059440
e 69 62 -0.512236
e 51 60 -2.663860
e 58 63 1.063136
e 1 70 0.382337
e 70 4 -0.060244
e 0 71 1.900892
e 1 71 -0.506091
e 2 71 -0.853879
e 3 71 1.085433
e 71 4 0.237847
e 0 72 0.216352
e 1 72 0.171815
e 2 72 0.781888
e 3 72 -2.552854
e 72 4 0.039364
e 0 73 0.457205
e 1 73 -0.253100
e 2 73 -0.907532
e 3 73 -0.742136
e 73 4 -0.044534
e 3 74 -1.001697
e 74 70 0.219259
e 0 75 -1.232336
e 75 70 0.009594
e 1 76 -0.972602
e 2 76 1.212653
e 76 4 -0.451193
e 0 77 0.214742
e 1 77 0.159464
e 2 77 0.707887
e 3 77 -2.384650
e 77 4 0.037777
e 0 78 1.181064
e 1 78 -0.802494
e 2 78 -0.308110
e 3 78 0.935476
e 78 4 -0.055828
e 0 79 -0.379178
e 1 79 -0.538821
e 2 79 -0.222949
e 3 79 -0.743850
e 3 80 0.263938
e 80 76 0.641240
e 0 81 -37.458096
e 1 81 -40.641940
e 2 81 -29.383269
e 3 81 -4.613560
e 81 4 -0.213587
e 0 82 -1.004201
e 1 82 -2.701458
e 2 82 1.499788
e 3 82 -2.994888
e 0 83 2.052365
e 1 83 0.785897
e 2 83 0.603984
e 3 83 0.748854
e 83 4 0.024628
e 0 84 22.478317
e 1 84 26.895382
e 2 84 20.997923
e 84 4 -0.005672
e 82 85 1.663775
e 85 4 0.020278
e 83 86 0.714430
e 86 82 -0.461470
e 84 81 -1.488919
e 3 87 -13.087883
e 87 84 -13.179532
e 3 85 -1.661902
e 87 83 0.579835
e 0 88 -0.943094
e 1 88 -1.214630
e 2 88 0.850162
e 3 88 0.109027
e 88 4 -0.455340
e 0 89 0.206839
e 1 89 0.110384
e 2 89 0.837999
e 3 89 -2.439677
e 89 4 0.044319
e 0 90 1.463202
e 1 90 -0.366639
e 2 90 -0.458668
e 3 90 1.257874
e 90 4 -0.097555
e 0 91 -0.359155
e 1 91 -0.527260
e 2 91 -0.274151
e 3 91 -0.748793
e 91 4 0.633228
e 2 92 -1.892202
e 92 70 -1.162044
e 79 93 0.817948
e 93 4 -1.096230
e 93 92 -1.929771
e 0 94 1.699531
e 94 76 0.039786
e 0 95 -0.115585
e 1 95 1.179008
e 2 95 2.680837
e 3 95 -1.583519
e 95 4 2.585630
e 0 96 0.090707
e 1 96 -0.628935
e 2 96 -0.156170
e 3 96 0.223912
e 96 4 1.336673
e 0 97 -3.758546
e 1 97 -9.657919
e 3 97 -1.522480
e 97 4 -1.126900
e 0 98 0.142570
e 1 98 0.127200
e 2 98 0.641193
e 3 98 -1.967226
e 98 4 0.018500
e 0 99 0.272794
e 1 99 -1.088500
e 2 99 0.595167
e 3 99 -0.972808
e 99 4 -0.216481
e 0 100 -0.516749
e 1 100 1.791173
e 2 100 0.342177
e 3 100 1.066677
e 100 4 0.257052
e 0 101 0.060938
e 1 101 0.004907
e 2 101 0.518844
e 3 101 -1.105368
e 101 4 0.025938
e 0 102 -0.041567
e 1 102 -0.139688
e 2 102 0.174570
e 3 102 0.246730
e 102 4 0.009619
e 101 102 -0.298321
e 0 103 -1.892965
e 1 103 -2.999652
e 2 103 0.336704
e 3 103 -1.282632
e 103 4 -0.030423
e 0 104 2.396692
e 1 104 1.813745
e 2 104 -2.825449
e 3 104 1.164496
e 104 4 0.060088
e 0 105 -0.159045
e 1 105 -0.273786
e 2 105 -0.688469
e 3 105 2.499778
e 105 4 -0.021751
e 0 106 -0.029266
e 1 106 0.064094
e 2 106 -0.504756
e 3 106 0.777074
e 106 4 -0.023920
e 0 107 -1.413560
e 1 107 0.813225
e 2 107 0.832755
e 3 107 -0.772129
e 107 4 -0.325947
e 0 108 -0.451410
e 1 108 -0.605766
e 2 108 0.764484
e 3 108 2.176565
e 108 4 0.014963
e 0 109 -0.036413
e 1 109 0.012877
e 2 109 -0.398140
e 3 109 0.766105
e 109 4 -0.017849
e 0 110 0.200054
e 1 110 -0.046082
e 2 110 -0.201791
e 3 110 -2.196456
e 110 4 -0.142126
e 97 103 1.345495
e 1 111 13.713088
e 2 111 311.890243
e 3 111 -0.218393
e 111 4 -0.028358
e 0 112 0.710669
e 1 112 -0.969234
e 2 112 -2.012349
e 3 112 -1.671494
e 112 4 -0.150008
e 0 113 -482.803516
e 1 113 -44.265937
e 2 113 -778.028960
e 3 113 -5.679073
e 113 4 -1.313476
e 0 114 14.196652
e 1 114 0.535805
e 3 114 -0.236569
e 114 4 1.378350
e 111 114 -0.266322
e 2 115 0.714317
e 115 114 1.101682
e 111 113 -0.771113
e 114 112 -1.770481
e 0 116 0.034033
e 116 111 0.521577
e 0 117 0.048996
e 1 117 -0.025787
e 2 117 0.524065
e 3 117 -0.986278
e 117 4 0.024271
e 0 118 0.097512
e 1 118 0.163402
e 2 118 0.379185
e 3 118 -1.445997
e 118 4 0.012339
e 0 119 -0.149468
e 2 119 -0.481499
e 3 119 1.908872
e 119 4 -0.004471
e 0 120 -0.131478
e 1 120 -0.135180
e 2 120 -0.891520
e 3 120 2.355601
e 120 4 -0.034525
e 1 121 -2.641486
e 121 119 0.096489
e 120 115 0.086759
e 2 121 0.982445
e 98 115 -0.529335
e 2 122 -1.769262
e 122 97 1.569449
e 98 99 -1.388034
e 52 67 -0.528979
e 0 123 -0.350970
e 1 123 -0.196429
e 2 123 -0.772398
e 3 123 3.050806
e 123 4 -0.054565
e 0 124 -0.598604
e 1 124 -0.015958
e 2 124 -1.924983
e 3 124 -0.694888
e 124 4 1.063263
e 0 125 -1.043942
e 1 125 1.275015
e 2 125 0.023023
e 3 125 -1.202162
e 0 126 0.876697
e 1 126 -0.602839
e 2 126 -2.055209
e 3 126 0.247119
e 126 4 0.116697
e 125 127 -0.922293
e 127 4 -1.297552
e 0 128 -24.467004
e 1 128 -14.916627
e 2 128 -13.748691
e 3 128 -6.772313
e 128 4 -0.044676
e 0 129 -5.877675
e 1 129 -14.658306
e 2 129 -7.118395
e 3 129 -3.554512
e 129 4 0.240352
e 1 130 0.370533
e 2 130 1.040991
e 3 130 -1.692239
e 130 4 0.015183
e 0 131 0.531229
e 2 131 -0.964459
e 3 131 0.601219
e 131 4 0.075292
e 0 132 0.592619
e 132 130 -1.211358
e 0 133 1.681554
e 1 133 0.055599
e 2 133 1.558159
e 3 133 -1.831892
e 133 4 -1.626480
e 0 134 -0.382592
e 1 134 0.381891
e 2 134 1.029284
e 3 134 -0.507284
e 134 4 0.164706
e 0 135 0.695301
e 1 135 0.131977
e 2 135 0.325729
e 3 135 -0.777299
e 0 136 0.430816
e 1 136 0.040195
e 2 136 0.480850
e 3 136 -2.383776
e 136 4 0.093096
e 136 134 -1.160448
e 1 137 1.170996
e 137 131 -1.203738
e 0 138 -38.555762
e 1 138 -28.818677
e 2 138 -24.986510
e 3 138 -1.336166
e 138 4 -3.237427
e 0 139 -0.387679
e 2 139 0.320646
e 3 139 0.760651
e 139 4 -0.998304
e 0 140 -2.517355
e 1 140 1.244587
e 2 140 -0.342255
e 3 140 -0.263292
e 140 4 0.046233
e 0 141 -0.074548
e 1 141 0.002914
e 2 141 -0.335773
e 3 141 0.813364
e 141 4 -0.020103
e 0 142 -0.021134
e 1 142 2.260500
e 2 142 -0.298998
e 142 4 2.423689
e 0 143 0.100316
e 1 143 -0.763860
e 2 143 0.151277
e 3 143 -0.232312
e 143 4 0.560225
e 0 144 -6.465445
e 1 144 -9.100946
e 2 144 -9.137690
e 3 144 -1.681764
e 144 4 -1.126900
e 0 145 0.233245
e 1 145 0.394065
e 2 145 0.523617
e 3 145 -1.799675
e 0 146 0.387886
e 1 146 -1.336267
e 2 146 0.571436
e 3 146 -0.558324
e 146 4 -0.269562
e 0 147 -0.451575
e 1 147 1.801382
e 2 147 0.363587
e 3 147 1.068644
e 147 4 0.756945
e 0 148 0.098092
e 1 148 0.019975
e 2 148 0.366885
e 3 148 -1.010294
e 148 4 0.025205
e 0 149 -0.032737
e 1 149 -0.144011
e 2 149 0.155418
e 3 149 0.263204
e 149 4 0.010730
e 148 149 -0.299445
e 0 150 -1.871609
e 1 150 -3.286036
e 2 150 0.097610
e 3 150 -1.417310
e 150 4 0.091946
e 0 151 2.213483
e 1 151 2.046565
e 2 151 -2.665335
e 3 151 1.192943
e 151 4 -0.065982
e 0 152 -0.282785
e 1 152 -0.266347
e 2 152 -0.398281
e 3 152 2.386934
e 152 4 -0.029246
e 0 153 -0.050263
e 1 153 0.047062
e 2 153 -0.372863
e 3 153 0.669077
e 153 4 -0.021325
e 0 154 -1.851130
e 1 154 0.657196
e 2 154 0.966078
e 3 154 -0.756998
e 154 4 -0.105689
e 0 155 -0.665267
e 1 155 -0.510286
e 2 155 1.325988
e 3 155 1.581741
e 155 4 -0.055848
e 0 156 -0.063367
e 1 156 0.001860
e 2 156 -0.282709
e 3 156 0.688518
e 156 4 -0.016961
e 0 157 -0.010620
e 1 157 -0.092561
e 2 157 -0.276431
e 3 157 -2.197642
e 157 4 -0.671374
e 3 158 0.678730
e 158 142 -1.071308
e 142 157 0.111249
e 155 142 -0.635878
e 0 159 -8.482168
e 1 159 -9.760520
e 2 159 -4.523655
e 3 159 -4.818554
e 159 4 0.019139
e 0 160 -0.097505
e 1 160 0.550775
e 2 160 0.225994
e 3 160 -0.231991
e 160 4 0.310648
e 0 161 -1.621315
e 1 161 0.504385
e 2 161 -0.343309
e 3 161 0.004113
e 161 4 0.791502
e 1 162 1.989808
e 2 162 -2.417603
e 3 162 -2.315696
e 162 4 -0.083681
e 0 163 1.435363
e 163 162 -1.448871
e 0 164 2.405091
e 1 164 -0.561775
e 2 164 1.160669
e 3 164 -1.766886
e 164 4 -1.594002
e 0 165 -0.101368
e 1 165 0.359695
e 2 165 0.881706
e 3 165 -0.742194
e 165 4 0.422550
e 0 166 0.124589
e 1 166 0.187766
e 2 166 -0.069730
e 3 166 -0.834886
e 166 4 0.000244
e 0 167 0.209877
e 1 167 0.102404
e 2 167 0.633274
e 3 167 -2.058523
e 167 4 0.045831
e 167 165 -0.589594
e 155 134 -0.012096
e 145 168 1.518618
e 168 4 -1.861914
e 135 169 0.843952
e 169 4 1.343879
e 1 170 -0.196436
e 170 139 -1.318239
e 164 165 1.656595
e 1 171 1.168870
e 171 12 0.473720
e 1 172 -0.439923
e 172 10 -0.096876
