n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 hidden identity
n 6 hidden sine
n 7 hidden sine
n 8 hidden sigmoid
n 9 hidden relu
n 10 hidden sigmoid
n 11 hidden gaussian
n 12 hidden tanh
n 13 hidden sigmoid
n 14 hidden sigmoid
n 15 hidden identity
n 16 hidden sine
n 17 hidden gaussian
n 18 hidden sigmoid
n 19 hidden gaussian
n 20 hidden sine
n 21 hidden identity
n 22 hidden sine
n 23 hidden sine
n 24 hidden sigmoid
n 25 hidden identity
n 26 hidden tanh
n 27 hidden identity
n 28 hidden relu
n 29 hidden tanh
n 30 hidden sine
n 31 hidden sine
n 32 hidden sigmoid
n 33 hidden sine
n 34 hidden gaussian
n 35 hidden identity
n 36 hidden gaussian
n 37 hidden tanh
n 38 hidden gaussian
n 39 hidden relu
n 40 hidden sigmoid
n 41 hidden relu
n 42 hidden sine
n 43 hidden identity
n 44 hidden relu
n 45 hidden relu
n 46 hidden sigmoid
n 47 hidden gaussian
n 48 hidden tanh
n 49 hidden sigmoid
n 50 hidden sigmoid
n 51 hidden gaussian
n 52 hidden gaussian
n 53 hidden tanh
n 54 hidden sine
n 55 hidden sine
n 56 hidden sigmoid
n 57 hidden tanh
n 58 hidden tanh
n 59 hidden relu
n 60 hidden relu
n 61 hidden identity
n 62 hidden gaussian
n 63 hidden sine
n 64 hidden sine
n 65 hidden identity
n 66 hidden sine
n 67 hidden identity
n 68 hidden gaussian
n 69 hidden tanh
n 70 hidden relu
n 71 hidden gaussian
n 72 hidden sine
n 73 hidden tanh
n 74 hidden sine
n 75 hidden relu
n 76 hidden tanh
n 77 hidden relu
n 78 hidden relu
n 79 hidden sigmoid
n 80 hidden tanh
n 81 hidden relu
n 82 hidden sine
n 83 hidden tanh
n 84 hidden tanh
n 85 hidden tanh
n 86 hidden identity
n 87 hidden identity
n 88 hidden identity
n 89 hidden tanh
n 90 hidden relu
n 91 hidden gaussian
n 92 hidden identity
n 93 hidden identity
n 94 hidden relu
n 95 hidden sigmoid
n 96 hidden sigmoid
n 97 hidden tanh
n 98 hidden tanh
n 99 hidden relu
n 100 hidden tanh
n 101 hidden identity
n 102 hidden tanh
n 103 hidden sigmoid
n 104 hidden sigmoid
n 105 hidden sigmoid
n 106 hidden sine
n 107 hidden identity
n 108 hidden sine
n 109 hidden identity
n 110 hidden gaussian
n 111 hidden tanh
n 112 hidden relu
n 113 hidden gaussian
n 114 hidden sine
n 115 hidden tanh
n 116 hidden sine
n 117 hidden relu
n 118 hidden tanh
n 119 hidden relu
n 120 hidden relu
n 121 hidden sigmoid
n 122 hidden identity
n 123 hidden relu
n 124 hidden tanh
n 125 hidden tanh
n 126 hidden sine
n 127 hidden relu
n 128 hidden tanh
n 129 hidden relu
n 130 hidden identity
n 131 hidden tanh
n 132 hidden sigmoid
n 133 hidden sigmoid
n 134 hidden sigmoid
n 135 hidden relu
n 136 hidden sine
n 137 hidden identity
n 138 hidden relu
n 139 hidden relu
n 140 hidden sigmoid
n 141 hidden gaussian
n 142 hidden tanh
n 143 hidden sigmoid
n 144 hidden sigmoid
n 145 hidden gaussian
n 146 hidden gaussian
n 147 hidden tanh
n 148 hidden sine
n 149 hidden sine
n 150 hidden sigmoid
n 151 hidden tanh
n 152 hidden tanh
n 153 hidden relu
n 154 hidden relu
n 155 hidden identity
n 156 hidden gaussian
n 157 hidden sine
n 158 hidden sine
n 159 hidden identity
n 160 hidden sine
n 161 hidden identity
n 162 hidden gaussian
n 163 hidden tanh
n 164 hidden relu
n 165 hidden gaussian
n 166 hidden sine
n 167 hidden tanh
n 168 hidden sine
n 169 hidden relu
n 170 hidden tanh
n 171 hidden relu
n 172 hidden relu
n 173 hidden sigmoid
n 174 hidden relu
n 175 hidden identity
e 0 5 -0.303978
e 1 5 -0.688039
e 2 5 -2.493452
e 3 5 3.092082
e 5 4 -0.072941
e 0 6 -0.836736
e 1 6 -3.348226
e 2 6 1.216624
e 3 6 -1.377072
e 6 4 -0.247843
e 0 7 -0.255108
e 1 7 -1.293927
e 2 7 -0.827567
e 3 7 2.679760
e 7 4 -0.067332
e 1 8 -0.106194
e 3 8 0.496159
e 8 4 0.353275
e 0 9 -9.736748
e 1 9 -8.073908
e 2 9 -15.397131
e 3 9 -6.676246
e 9 4 0.148756
e 0 10 0.507277
e 1 10 -0.778151
e 2 10 -1.891868
e 3 10 -2.191402
e 10 4 0.025107
e 0 11 -0.558669
e 1 11 2.739351
e 2 11 3.515886
e 3 11 -1.333768
e 11 4 2.182157
e 0 12 -0.069237
e 2 12 1.501605
e 12 4 -0.193178
e 3 13 0.608958
e 13 12 -0.046569
e 1 14 0.446706
e 14 12 0.149526
e 0 15 -1.385026
e 15 8 -2.371176
e 2 16 -1.845212
e 16 8 -0.512018
e 0 17 -0.365080
e 1 17 -1.196069
e 2 17 -0.237379
e 3 17 -1.646185
e 17 4 -1.821376
e 0 18 0.813042
e 1 18 0.389373
e 2 18 0.446110
e 3 18 -0.507817
e 18 4 -0.312530
e 0 19 -1.294064
e 1 19 3.840796
e 2 19 2.917941
e 3 19 -0.453109
e 19 4 2.225795
e 0 20 -4.140018
e 1 20 -2.881305
e 2 20 -4.677048
e 3 20 -0.014784
e 20 4 -0.217395
e 0 21 -0.514433
e 1 21 -0.172542
e 2 21 -1.660438
e 3 21 2.133083
e 21 4 -0.093361
e 0 22 1.552463
e 1 22 -3.206176
e 2 22 -1.413997
e 3 22 -2.063247
e 22 4 0.150722
e 0 23 -0.354555
e 1 23 -3.214719
e 2 23 1.893291
e 3 23 4.107048
e 23 4 -0.348805
e 1 24 0.100513
e 2 24 1.307865
e 3 24 0.600328
e 24 4 1.551978
e 0 25 0.993965
e 2 25 2.422068
e 3 25 -2.214206
e 25 4 0.155692
e 0 26 -1.423838
e 1 26 2.015919
e 2 26 -0.472473
e 3 26 -0.727569
e 26 4 -1.037949
e 0 27 -0.469069
e 1 27 1.203408
e 2 27 -0.769851
e 3 27 -0.481660
e 27 4 -0.009991
e 0 28 -9.366679
e 1 28 -7.790293
e 2 28 -4.476712
e 3 28 -4.925758
e 28 4 -0.343684
e 0 29 0.631922
e 1 29 0.312747
e 2 29 -2.238507
e 3 29 -0.876271
e 29 4 0.606688
e 0 30 -0.881551
e 1 30 -2.670608
e 2 30 -4.826531
e 3 30 -0.398322
e 30 4 -0.034364
e 0 31 0.792779
e 1 31 -1.035950
e 2 31 -10.275725
e 3 31 0.284194
e 31 4 0.070421
e 0 32 -0.315643
e 1 32 -1.449605
e 3 32 -0.681305
e 32 4 0.295558
e 1 33 -0.621201
e 33 25 1.240064
e 34 32 -0.073181
e 0 35 -0.888738
e 35 24 0.449588
e 33 31 1.730309
e 0 36 0.851190
e 1 36 0.504985
e 2 36 1.913073
e 3 36 -0.240365
e 36 4 2.442103
e 0 37 -2.419484
e 1 37 -1.090456
e 2 37 -1.758673
e 3 37 -0.588822
e 37 4 0.809157
e 0 38 -0.708936
e 1 38 -1.561127
e 2 38 -0.228810
e 3 38 -1.467724
e 38 4 -0.239236
e 0 39 -5.700740
e 1 39 -4.667067
e 2 39 -21.999176
e 3 39 -5.619277
e 39 4 0.046150
e 2 40 1.127445
e 40 34 1.237892
e 0 41 -11.071208
e 1 41 -12.279097
e 2 41 -6.978133
e 3 41 -8.188888
e 41 4 -0.052479
e 0 42 1.311232
e 1 42 -0.635851
e 2 42 -1.614870
e 3 42 -0.137868
e 42 4 0.102431
e 0 43 0.677317
e 1 43 -0.789699
e 2 43 2.684245
e 3 43 -1.688990
e 43 4 0.054420
e 0 44 -5.579239
e 1 44 -9.541484
e 2 44 -2.862347
e 3 44 -5.535381
e 0 45 -10.299933
e 1 45 -9.729396
e 2 45 -16.412329
e 3 45 -7.713678
e 45 4 0.259552
e 0 46 0.531363
e 1 46 -0.732040
e 2 46 -1.886191
e 3 46 -2.190707
e 46 4 0.025103
e 0 47 4.382583
e 1 47 -1.968952
e 2 47 3.466562
e 3 47 -1.090255
e 47 4 2.093471
e 0 48 -0.116712
e 2 48 1.462230
e 48 4 0.356448
e 3 49 0.609236
e 49 48 0.003874
e 1 50 0.446456
e 50 48 0.283006
e 0 51 -0.184640
e 1 51 3.125959
e 2 51 2.672894
e 3 51 -2.101462
e 51 4 2.482819
e 0 52 0.608249
e 1 52 0.921254
e 2 52 -5.468039
e 3 52 2.488557
e 52 4 -1.595010
e 0 53 0.083815
e 1 53 -0.327959
e 2 53 3.368206
e 3 53 0.010099
e 0 54 -5.429958
e 1 54 5.774732
e 2 54 -3.494418
e 3 54 -0.482420
e 54 4 0.010919
e 53 55 -0.027270
e 55 4 0.026306
e 53 56 0.342041
e 56 4 -0.553640
e 49 51 0.813207
e 0 57 -0.848984
e 2 57 2.024307
e 3 57 0.099839
e 57 4 -0.337374
e 0 58 1.133236
e 1 58 -1.647842
e 2 58 0.016790
e 3 58 0.736713
e 58 4 0.427510
e 0 59 -10.368064
e 2 59 -2.998522
e 3 59 -3.825094
e 59 4 0.617056
e 0 60 -1.137156
e 1 60 -4.053514
e 2 60 -0.470154
e 3 60 -3.705392
e 60 4 0.199796
e 1 61 -0.921937
e 61 57 1.069486
e 1 62 -0.909344
e 62 59 -3.543219
e 44 63 0.266826
e 63 4 -0.077136
e 62 58 0.217497
e 1 64 1.162920
e 2 64 1.541820
e 3 64 2.141985
e 64 4 0.163446
e 0 65 0.186505
e 1 65 -0.653429
e 2 65 1.480779
e 3 65 -0.332756
e 65 4 -0.020577
e 0 66 -1.596872
e 1 66 1.966216
e 2 66 2.008745
e 3 66 -0.320170
e 66 4 -0.172373
e 0 67 0.165157
e 1 67 0.370996
e 2 67 0.655260
e 3 67 -1.051763
e 67 4 0.057769
e 0 68 -0.048993
e 1 68 -1.896314
e 2 68 -0.471514
e 3 68 -1.461167
e 68 4 1.698837
e 0 69 0.729661
e 2 69 -1.209736
e 3 69 0.839297
e 69 4 -0.825377
e 0 70 -3.697876
e 1 70 -4.890842
e 2 70 2.397458
e 3 70 -4.976178
e 70 4 -0.039313
e 0 71 2.397767
e 1 71 1.473504
e 2 71 -0.651498
e 3 71 -1.084840
e 71 4 -0.404510
e 0 72 -1.160926
e 72 64 -1.746577
e 1 73 -1.485515
e 2 73 1.165089
e 3 73 1.196948
e 73 4 0.926495
e 0 74 0.337218
e 1 74 3.384773
e 2 74 0.512494
e 3 74 -0.023211
e 74 4 -0.093746
e 0 75 -7.657318
e 1 75 2.032280
e 2 75 -21.408140
e 3 75 -6.263545
e 75 4 -0.427246
e 0 76 0.110161
e 1 76 -0.904222
e 2 76 1.532536
e 3 76 -1.177087
e 76 4 -1.258609
e 0 77 0.055877
e 77 73 -0.469754
e 77 64 -0.367429
e 66 67 -0.285593
e 74 78 0.231461
e 78 66 0.870879
e 1 79 -0.735976
e 79 69 -0.195845
e 20 38 -1.344514
e 0 80 1.268949
e 1 80 0.304353
e 2 80 0.631325
e 3 80 -0.282729
e 80 4 0.720719
e 0 81 -6.109173
e 1 81 -5.783353
e 2 81 -1.337989
e 3 81 -3.874945
e 81 4 0.174949
e 0 82 -2.637117
e 1 82 2.698655
e 2 82 1.197814
e 3 82 0.364773
e 82 4 0.028903
e 0 83 -0.048224
e 1 83 2.085773
e 2 83 0.460922
e 3 83 -1.165459
e 83 4 -1.073355
e 0 84 1.044022
e 1 84 -1.843346
e 2 84 1.278330
e 3 84 0.914394
e 84 4 -0.567736
e 0 85 1.946498
e 1 85 0.362929
e 2 85 -0.541030
e 3 85 -0.507768
e 85 4 -0.315709
e 0 86 1.385949
e 1 86 -0.095036
e 2 86 -1.680510
e 3 86 -0.897701
e 86 4 0.289498
e 0 87 -0.906167
e 1 87 -0.242054
e 2 87 -0.578600
e 3 87 2.124077
e 87 4 -0.188370
e 0 88 0.100033
e 1 88 -0.081033
e 2 88 1.812356
e 3 88 -1.231936
e 88 4 -0.006283
e 0 89 -1.886895
e 1 89 1.726859
e 2 89 1.422988
e 3 89 0.126663
e 89 4 0.911153
e 0 90 -7.053659
e 1 90 -6.829221
e 3 90 -6.829794
e 90 4 -0.019354
e 0 91 2.092021
e 1 91 -2.780784
e 2 91 -0.881369
e 3 91 -1.543154
e 91 4 1.719468
e 2 92 -60.878568
e 92 90 60.823197
e 0 93 -1.130237
e 1 93 0.964724
e 2 93 1.900063
e 3 93 -0.879688
e 93 4 -0.187713
e 0 94 3.386313
e 1 94 -0.669376
e 2 94 -0.933937
e 3 94 -0.134184
e 94 4 -0.029087
e 0 95 0.320068
e 1 95 -0.030112
e 2 95 3.103054
e 3 95 -1.950788
e 95 4 0.410163
e 0 96 -0.163293
e 1 96 0.466426
e 2 96 0.028046
e 3 96 1.065252
e 96 4 0.181873
e 0 97 0.845785
e 1 97 -1.161262
e 2 97 -0.941951
e 3 97 -0.567376
e 97 4 0.771604
e 0 98 -1.363698
e 1 98 -1.183940
e 2 98 1.780230
e 3 98 1.009558
e 98 4 -0.953242
e 0 99 -8.385349
e 1 99 -5.192448
e 2 99 -1.364646
e 3 99 -5.619789
e 99 4 -0.188826
e 0 100 -1.152355
e 1 100 -1.094106
e 2 100 -0.863534
e 3 100 4.268867
e 100 4 1.308467
e 0 101 -0.514870
e 1 101 0.119244
e 3 101 0.599759
e 101 4 -0.106740
e 0 102 0.354941
e 1 102 1.439321
e 2 102 0.690274
e 3 102 -2.407239
e 102 4 1.087598
e 0 103 0.675636
e 1 103 -1.159242
e 2 103 0.888124
e 3 103 -0.389909
e 103 4 -0.082040
e 0 104 -1.166799
e 1 104 -0.318992
e 2 104 1.151919
e 3 104 2.532220
e 104 4 -0.470522
e 94 99 -4.420376
e 2 105 -1.360878
e 105 101 0.378126
e 1 106 1.904152
e 2 106 1.636890
e 3 106 2.194782
e 106 4 0.147503
e 0 107 0.191843
e 1 107 -0.617406
e 2 107 1.462948
e 3 107 -0.380064
e 107 4 -0.016941
e 0 108 -2.240028
e 1 108 1.457065
e 2 108 1.898267
e 3 108 -0.564214
e 108 4 0.294133
e 0 109 -0.094492
e 1 109 0.439074
e 2 109 0.564964
e 3 109 -0.985294
e 109 4 -0.026076
e 0 110 -0.028005
e 1 110 -1.899998
e 2 110 -0.449848
e 3 110 -1.450125
e 110 4 1.682447
e 0 111 0.545694
e 1 111 0.743461
e 2 111 -1.001692
e 3 111 0.900897
e 111 4 0.379211
e 0 112 -3.421189
e 1 112 -4.569252
e 2 112 2.439873
e 3 112 -4.926645
e 112 4 0.120891
e 0 113 2.384402
e 1 113 1.144143
e 2 113 -0.707866
e 3 113 -1.204241
e 113 4 -0.871908
e 0 114 -0.948634
e 114 106 -1.911545
e 1 115 -1.038220
e 2 115 1.361898
e 3 115 0.579089
e 115 4 0.936900
e 0 116 0.467690
e 1 116 2.953470
e 2 116 0.745895
e 3 116 -0.266226
e 116 4 0.168344
e 0 117 -4.687631
e 1 117 5.626329
e 2 117 -19.427337
e 3 117 -3.481844
e 117 4 -0.647759
e 0 118 -0.151401
e 1 118 -0.517180
e 2 118 2.051417
e 3 118 -1.071735
e 118 4 -0.669340
e 0 119 0.565044
e 119 115 -0.804225
e 119 106 -0.407569
e 108 109 -0.406129
e 116 120 0.201266
e 120 108 0.729695
e 117 112 -2.386243
e 0 121 -0.222486
e 1 121 -1.764075
e 2 121 1.161740
e 3 121 0.304853
e 121 4 0.244320
e 0 122 0.935898
e 1 122 -1.237843
e 2 122 -1.836944
e 3 122 1.531535
e 122 4 0.132959
e 0 123 -4.075091
e 1 123 -11.754634
e 2 123 1.146485
e 3 123 -5.789519
e 123 4 0.602309
e 0 124 1.908808
e 1 124 -1.355426
e 2 124 2.021491
e 124 4 -0.761507
e 0 125 1.429748
e 1 125 -0.707416
e 2 125 1.469375
e 3 125 0.467286
e 125 4 -0.257388
e 0 126 0.763617
e 1 126 2.689496
e 2 126 1.038666
e 3 126 -0.525736
e 126 4 0.157277
e 0 127 -5.896255
e 1 127 2.824275
e 2 127 -21.507616
e 3 127 -5.839671
e 127 4 0.328650
e 0 128 -0.035276
e 1 128 -0.281138
e 2 128 1.835512
e 3 128 -1.485745
e 128 4 -0.522488
e 3 129 0.052412
e 129 124 -0.835968
e 0 130 -0.390884
e 1 130 0.054301
e 2 130 -2.921512
e 3 130 2.524627
e 130 4 -0.014552
e 0 131 -0.593166
e 1 131 -0.240497
e 2 131 0.897603
e 3 131 -1.135817
e 131 4 -1.271689
e 0 132 -1.335859
e 1 132 0.236876
e 2 132 -1.611463
e 3 132 1.659977
e 132 4 0.128053
e 0 133 -0.024489
e 2 133 0.271979
e 3 133 0.003384
e 133 4 -1.102079
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 2 4 -0.417845
e 1 134 0.350256
e 134 133 0.344866
e 0 135 -9.116477
e 1 135 -10.498869
e 2 135 -5.845261
e 3 135 -7.007296
e 135 4 -0.268438
e 0 136 1.258972
e 1 136 -0.905988
e 2 136 -1.862472
e 3 136 -0.283279
e 136 4 -0.226542
e 0 137 0.624211
e 1 137 -0.912859
e 2 137 3.044366
e 3 137 -1.722068
e 137 4 -0.156224
e 0 138 -5.350540
e 1 138 -9.202239
e 2 138 -2.625195
e 3 138 -5.414414
e 0 139 -8.843357
e 1 139 -8.408285
e 2 139 -15.486733
e 3 139 -6.599471
e 139 4 0.043593
e 0 140 0.521344
e 1 140 -0.741274
e 2 140 -1.890360
e 3 140 -2.192062
e 140 4 0.025103
e 0 141 4.181409
e 1 141 -2.312575
e 2 141 3.525122
e 3 141 -1.249726
e 141 4 2.286169
e 0 142 -0.167587
e 2 142 1.489005
e 142 4 0.008771
e 3 143 0.608160
e 143 142 -0.022073
e 1 144 0.446373
e 144 142 0.254330
e 0 145 -0.736480
e 1 145 3.094715
e 2 145 2.359887
e 3 145 -2.275740
e 145 4 2.656657
e 0 146 0.495979
e 1 146 1.611978
e 2 146 -4.954064
e 3 146 2.829857
e 146 4 -0.771184
e 0 147 0.104259
e 1 147 -0.308696
e 2 147 3.369871
e 3 147 0.024564
e 0 148 -5.103646
e 1 148 5.986883
e 3 148 -0.315257
e 148 4 0.105077
e 147 149 -0.027805
e 149 4 0.017948
e 147 150 0.349652
e 150 4 -0.194082
e 143 145 0.646856
e 0 151 -0.920884
e 2 151 1.894704
e 3 151 0.277699
e 151 4 -0.638989
e 0 152 1.077218
e 1 152 -1.596361
e 2 152 0.251722
e 3 152 0.590598
e 152 4 0.737174
e 0 153 -9.482239
e 2 153 -2.310409
e 3 153 -2.788094
e 153 4 0.401096
e 0 154 0.391216
e 1 154 -2.621659
e 2 154 0.514088
e 3 154 -2.586853
e 154 4 -0.146501
e 1 155 -0.920455
e 155 151 1.071575
e 1 156 -0.493954
e 156 153 -3.165846
e 138 157 0.654437
e 156 152 0.144847
e 1 158 1.232336
e 2 158 0.902857
e 3 158 1.684794
e 158 4 -1.118070
e 0 159 0.187067
e 1 159 -0.726279
e 2 159 1.669793
e 3 159 -0.349258
e 159 4 -0.096445
e 0 160 -1.388824
e 1 160 1.774109
e 2 160 2.059593
e 3 160 -0.129307
e 160 4 0.022429
e 0 161 0.008851
e 1 161 0.487690
e 2 161 0.796631
e 3 161 -1.105887
e 161 4 -0.082526
e 0 162 -0.062538
e 1 162 -1.893252
e 2 162 -0.466646
e 3 162 -1.456233
e 162 4 1.691528
e 0 163 0.232384
e 2 163 -1.137515
e 3 163 0.969792
e 163 4 -0.582950
e 0 164 -1.689337
e 1 164 -3.114715
e 2 164 3.499769
e 3 164 -3.787178
e 164 4 -0.096602
e 0 165 2.292421
e 1 165 1.391771
e 2 165 -0.855415
e 3 165 -1.255912
e 165 4 -1.034566
e 0 166 -0.661392
e 166 158 -1.415282
e 1 167 -1.042830
e 2 167 1.425982
e 3 167 0.472771
e 167 4 0.576256
e 0 168 0.227167
e 1 168 3.579011
e 2 168 -0.184512
e 3 168 0.303987
e 168 4 0.526752
e 0 169 -5.104275
e 1 169 4.363935
e 2 169 -20.026316
e 3 169 -5.001018
e 169 4 -0.643206
e 0 170 0.264334
e 1 170 -0.956766
e 2 170 1.589221
e 3 170 -0.842306
e 170 4 -0.528480
e 0 171 0.615990
e 171 167 -0.433153
e 171 158 -0.783687
e 160 161 -0.329542
e 168 172 0.000747
e 172 160 1.003274
e 1 173 -0.759094
e 173 163 -0.259374
e 2 174 0.011702
e 174 148 0.891764
e 157 175 -0.614486
e 175 4 1.424514
