n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden sigmoid
n 8 hidden sigmoid
n 9 hidden gaussian
n 10 hidden tanh
n 11 hidden tanh
n 12 hidden gaussian
n 13 hidden relu
n 14 hidden sigmoid
n 15 hidden sine
n 16 hidden tanh
n 17 hidden sigmoid
n 18 hidden relu
n 19 hidden tanh
n 20 hidden sigmoid
n 21 hidden tanh
n 22 hidden gaussian
n 23 hidden tanh
n 24 hidden tanh
n 25 hidden tanh
n 26 hidden relu
n 27 hidden tanh
n 28 hidden identity
n 29 hidden sigmoid
n 30 hidden tanh
n 31 hidden sigmoid
n 32 hidden sigmoid
n 33 hidden tanh
n 34 hidden gaussian
n 35 hidden sigmoid
n 36 hidden relu
n 37 hidden sigmoid
n 38 hidden sine
n 39 hidden identity
n 40 hidden tanh
n 41 hidden sine
n 42 hidden sine
n 43 hidden relu
n 44 hidden identity
n 45 hidden gaussian
n 46 hidden sigmoid
n 47 hidden tanh
n 48 hidden identity
n 49 hidden identity
n 50 hidden relu
n 51 hidden tanh
n 52 hidden sigmoid
n 53 hidden sigmoid
n 54 hidden relu
n 55 hidden relu
n 56 hidden tanh
n 57 hidden sine
n 58 hidden sine
n 59 hidden sigmoid
n 60 hidden sigmoid
n 61 hidden sigmoid
n 62 hidden sine
n 63 hidden identity
n 64 hidden tanh
n 65 hidden relu
n 66 hidden tanh
n 67 hidden gaussian
n 68 hidden tanh
n 69 hidden gaussian
n 70 hidden gaussian
n 71 hidden tanh
n 72 hidden gaussian
n 73 hidden sigmoid
n 74 hidden sigmoid
n 75 hidden sigmoid
n 76 hidden identity
n 77 hidden sine
n 78 hidden identity
n 79 hidden gaussian
n 80 hidden identity
n 81 hidden sine
n 82 hidden identity
n 83 hidden gaussian
n 84 hidden sigmoid
n 85 hidden identity
n 86 hidden relu
n 87 hidden tanh
n 88 hidden relu
n 89 hidden sigmoid
n 90 hidden identity
n 91 hidden gaussian
n 92 hidden gaussian
n 93 hidden sigmoid
n 94 hidden gaussian
n 95 hidden relu
n 96 hidden sine
n 97 hidden gaussian
n 98 hidden identity
n 99 hidden relu
n 100 hidden identity
n 101 hidden tanh
n 102 hidden sigmoid
n 103 hidden relu
n 104 hidden gaussian
n 105 hidden gaussian
n 106 hidden identity
n 107 hidden sine
n 108 hidden identity
n 109 hidden tanh
n 110 hidden tanh
n 111 hidden tanh
n 112 hidden relu
n 113 hidden identity
n 114 hidden tanh
n 115 hidden tanh
n 116 hidden sine
n 117 hidden sigmoid
n 118 hidden identity
e 0 7 NaN
e 1 7 NaN
e 2 7 NaN
e 3 11 NaN
e 7 4 NaN
e 7 5 NaN
e 7 6 NaN
e 0 8 NaN
e 1 8 NaN
e 2 8 NaN
e 3 8 NaN
e 8 17 NaN
e 8 5 NaN
e 8 6 NaN
e 0 9 NaN
e 1 9 NaN
e 2 9 NaN
e 3 9 NaN
e 9 4 NaN
e 9 5 NaN
e 9 6 NaN
e 0 10 NaN
e 1 10 NaN
e 2 10 NaN
e 3 10 NaN
e 10 4 NaN
e 10 5 NaN
e 10 6 NaN
e 11 7 NaN
e 0 12 NaN
e 1 12 NaN
e 2 12 NaN
e 3 12 NaN
e 12 4 NaN
e 12 5 NaN
e 12 6 NaN
e 0 13 NaN
e 1 13 NaN
e 2 13 NaN
e 3 13 NaN
e 13 4 NaN
e 13 5 NaN
e 13 6 NaN
e 0 14 NaN
e 1 14 NaN
e 2 14 NaN
e 3 14 NaN
e 14 4 NaN
e 14 5 NaN
e 14 6 NaN
e 0 16 NaN
e 1 15 NaN
e 2 15 NaN
e 3 15 NaN
e 15 75 NaN
e 15 5 NaN
e 15 6 NaN
e 16 15 NaN
e 17 4 NaN
e 2 16 NaN
e 0 18 NaN
e 1 18 NaN
e 2 18 NaN
e 3 18 NaN
e 18 4 NaN
e 18 5 NaN
e 18 6 NaN
e 0 46 NaN
e 1 19 NaN
e 2 19 NaN
e 3 19 NaN
e 19 4 NaN
e 19 5 NaN
e 19 6 NaN
e 0 20 NaN
e 1 20 NaN
e 2 20 NaN
e 3 20 NaN
e 20 4 NaN
e 20 5 NaN
e 20 6 NaN
e 0 21 NaN
e 1 21 NaN
e 2 21 NaN
e 3 21 NaN
e 21 4 NaN
e 21 5 NaN
e 21 22 NaN
e 22 6 NaN
e 0 23 NaN
e 1 23 NaN
e 2 23 NaN
e 3 23 NaN
e 23 4 NaN
e 23 5 NaN
e 23 6 NaN
e 0 24 NaN
e 1 24 NaN
e 2 24 NaN
e 3 24 NaN
e 24 4 NaN
e 24 5 NaN
e 24 6 NaN
e 0 25 NaN
e 1 25 NaN
e 2 25 NaN
e 3 25 NaN
e 25 4 NaN
e 25 5 NaN
e 25 6 NaN
e 0 26 NaN
e 1 26 NaN
e 2 26 NaN
e 3 26 NaN
e 26 4 NaN
e 26 5 NaN
e 26 6 NaN
e 0 27 NaN
e 1 27 NaN
e 2 27 NaN
e 3 27 NaN
e 27 4 NaN
e 27 5 NaN
e 27 6 NaN
e 0 28 NaN
e 1 28 NaN
e 2 28 NaN
e 3 28 NaN
e 28 4 NaN
e 28 5 NaN
e 28 6 NaN
e 0 29 NaN
e 1 29 NaN
e 2 29 NaN
e 3 29 NaN
e 29 4 NaN
e 29 5 NaN
e 29 6 NaN
e 0 30 NaN
e 1 30 NaN
e 2 30 NaN
e 3 36 NaN
e 30 31 NaN
e 30 5 NaN
e 30 6 NaN
e 31 4 NaN
e 0 32 NaN
e 1 32 NaN
e 2 32 NaN
e 3 32 NaN
e 32 4 NaN
e 32 5 NaN
e 32 6 NaN
e 0 33 NaN
e 1 33 NaN
e 2 33 NaN
e 3 33 NaN
e 33 4 NaN
e 33 5 NaN
e 33 6 NaN
e 0 34 NaN
e 1 34 NaN
e 2 34 NaN
e 3 34 NaN
e 34 4 NaN
e 34 5 NaN
e 34 6 NaN
e 0 35 NaN
e 1 35 NaN
e 2 35 NaN
e 3 35 NaN
e 35 4 NaN
e 35 5 NaN
e 35 6 NaN
e 36 30 NaN
e 0 37 NaN
e 1 37 NaN
e 2 37 NaN
e 3 37 NaN
e 37 4 NaN
e 37 5 NaN
e 37 6 NaN
e 0 38 NaN
e 1 38 NaN
e 2 38 NaN
e 3 38 NaN
e 38 4 NaN
e 38 76 NaN
e 38 6 NaN
e 0 39 NaN
e 1 39 NaN
e 2 39 NaN
e 3 39 NaN
e 39 4 NaN
e 39 5 NaN
e 39 6 NaN
e 0 40 NaN
e 1 45 NaN
e 2 40 NaN
e 3 40 NaN
e 40 4 NaN
e 40 5 NaN
e 40 6 NaN
e 0 41 NaN
e 1 41 NaN
e 2 41 NaN
e 3 41 NaN
e 41 4 NaN
e 41 5 NaN
e 41 6 NaN
e 0 42 NaN
e 1 42 NaN
e 2 42 NaN
e 3 42 NaN
e 42 4 NaN
e 42 5 NaN
e 42 6 NaN
e 0 43 NaN
e 1 43 NaN
e 2 43 NaN
e 3 43 NaN
e 43 4 NaN
e 43 5 NaN
e 43 6 NaN
e 0 44 NaN
e 1 44 NaN
e 2 44 NaN
e 3 44 NaN
e 44 4 NaN
e 44 5 NaN
e 44 6 NaN
e 45 40 NaN
e 45 16 NaN
e 46 19 NaN
e 13 16 NaN
e 0 47 NaN
e 1 47 NaN
e 2 47 NaN
e 3 47 NaN
e 47 4 NaN
e 47 5 NaN
e 47 6 NaN
e 0 48 NaN
e 1 48 NaN
e 2 48 NaN
e 3 48 NaN
e 48 4 NaN
e 48 5 NaN
e 48 6 NaN
e 0 49 NaN
e 1 49 NaN
e 2 49 NaN
e 3 52 NaN
e 49 4 NaN
e 49 51 NaN
e 49 6 NaN
e 0 50 NaN
e 1 50 NaN
e 2 50 NaN
e 3 50 NaN
e 50 4 NaN
e 50 5 NaN
e 50 6 NaN
e 51 53 NaN
e 52 49 NaN
e 49 50 NaN
e 3 51 NaN
e 53 5 NaN
e 0 54 NaN
e 1 54 NaN
e 2 54 NaN
e 3 54 NaN
e 54 4 NaN
e 54 58 NaN
e 54 6 NaN
e 0 55 NaN
e 1 55 NaN
e 2 55 NaN
e 3 55 NaN
e 55 4 NaN
e 55 59 NaN
e 55 6 NaN
e 0 56 NaN
e 1 56 NaN
e 2 56 NaN
e 3 56 NaN
e 56 4 NaN
e 56 5 NaN
e 56 6 NaN
e 0 57 NaN
e 1 57 NaN
e 2 57 NaN
e 3 57 NaN
e 57 4 NaN
e 57 5 NaN
e 57 6 NaN
e 58 5 NaN
e 59 77 NaN
e 0 60 NaN
e 1 60 NaN
e 2 60 NaN
e 3 60 NaN
e 60 4 NaN
e 60 5 NaN
e 60 6 NaN
e 0 74 NaN
e 1 61 NaN
e 2 61 NaN
e 3 64 NaN
e 61 4 NaN
e 61 5 NaN
e 61 6 NaN
e 0 62 NaN
e 1 62 NaN
e 2 62 NaN
e 3 62 NaN
e 62 4 NaN
e 62 65 NaN
e 62 6 NaN
e 0 63 NaN
e 1 63 NaN
e 2 63 NaN
e 3 63 NaN
e 63 4 NaN
e 63 5 NaN
e 63 6 NaN
e 64 61 NaN
e 65 5 NaN
e 64 65 NaN
e 0 66 NaN
e 1 66 NaN
e 2 66 NaN
e 3 66 NaN
e 66 4 NaN
e 66 5 NaN
e 66 71 NaN
e 0 72 NaN
e 1 67 NaN
e 2 67 NaN
e 3 67 NaN
e 67 73 NaN
e 67 5 NaN
e 67 6 NaN
e 0 68 NaN
e 1 68 NaN
e 2 68 NaN
e 3 68 NaN
e 68 4 NaN
e 68 5 NaN
e 68 70 NaN
e 0 69 NaN
e 1 69 NaN
e 2 69 NaN
e 3 69 NaN
e 69 4 NaN
e 69 5 NaN
e 69 6 NaN
e 70 6 NaN
e 69 67 NaN
e 71 6 NaN
e 72 67 NaN
e 65 68 NaN
e 73 4 NaN
e 74 61 NaN
e 75 4 NaN
e 57 14 NaN
e 76 5 NaN
e 77 5 NaN
e 39 47 NaN
e 15 64 NaN
e 0 78 NaN
e 1 78 NaN
e 2 78 NaN
e 3 84 NaN
e 78 4 NaN
e 78 82 NaN
e 78 86 NaN
e 0 79 NaN
e 1 79 NaN
e 2 79 NaN
e 3 79 NaN
e 79 85 NaN
e 79 5 NaN
e 79 83 NaN
e 0 80 NaN
e 1 80 NaN
e 2 103 NaN
e 3 80 NaN
e 80 4 NaN
e 80 5 NaN
e 80 6 NaN
e 0 81 NaN
e 1 81 NaN
e 2 81 NaN
e 3 81 NaN
e 81 4 NaN
e 81 5 NaN
e 81 6 NaN
e 82 5 NaN
e 83 6 NaN
e 84 78 NaN
e 85 4 NaN
e 86 6 NaN
e 0 87 NaN
e 1 87 NaN
e 2 87 NaN
e 3 118 NaN
e 87 93 NaN
e 87 5 NaN
e 87 6 NaN
e 0 88 NaN
e 1 88 NaN
e 2 88 NaN
e 3 94 NaN
e 88 4 NaN
e 88 5 NaN
e 88 6 NaN
e 0 89 NaN
e 1 89 NaN
e 2 89 NaN
e 3 89 NaN
e 89 100 NaN
e 89 5 NaN
e 89 6 NaN
e 0 92 NaN
e 1 90 NaN
e 2 90 NaN
e 3 91 NaN
e 90 4 NaN
e 90 5 NaN
e 90 6 NaN
e 91 90 NaN
e 1 91 NaN
e 92 90 NaN
e 93 101 NaN
e 94 88 NaN
e 0 95 NaN
e 1 95 NaN
e 2 95 NaN
e 3 95 NaN
e 95 4 NaN
e 95 5 NaN
e 95 6 NaN
e 0 96 NaN
e 1 96 NaN
e 2 96 NaN
e 3 96 NaN
e 96 4 NaN
e 96 99 NaN
e 96 6 NaN
e 0 97 NaN
e 1 97 NaN
e 2 97 NaN
e 3 97 NaN
e 97 4 NaN
e 97 5 NaN
e 97 6 NaN
e 0 98 NaN
e 1 98 NaN
e 2 98 NaN
e 3 98 NaN
e 98 4 NaN
e 98 5 NaN
e 98 102 NaN
e 99 5 NaN
e 92 6 NaN
e 100 4 NaN
e 101 4 NaN
e 92 94 NaN
e 102 6 NaN
e 79 98 NaN
e 103 80 NaN
e 97 101 NaN
e 0 104 NaN
e 1 104 NaN
e 2 104 NaN
e 3 104 NaN
e 104 116 NaN
e 104 5 NaN
e 104 6 NaN
e 0 105 NaN
e 1 105 NaN
e 2 105 NaN
e 3 105 NaN
e 105 4 NaN
e 105 5 NaN
e 105 108 NaN
e 0 106 NaN
e 1 106 NaN
e 2 106 NaN
e 3 106 NaN
e 106 4 NaN
e 106 5 NaN
e 106 6 NaN
e 0 107 NaN
e 1 107 NaN
e 2 107 NaN
e 3 107 NaN
e 107 117 NaN
e 107 5 NaN
e 107 6 NaN
e 108 6 NaN
e 0 109 NaN
e 1 109 NaN
e 2 109 NaN
e 3 109 NaN
e 109 4 NaN
e 109 113 NaN
e 109 114 NaN
e 0 110 NaN
e 1 110 NaN
e 2 110 NaN
e 3 110 NaN
e 110 4 NaN
e 110 5 NaN
e 110 6 NaN
e 0 111 NaN
e 1 111 NaN
e 2 111 NaN
e 3 111 NaN
e 111 4 NaN
e 111 5 NaN
e 111 6 NaN
e 0 112 NaN
e 1 112 NaN
e 2 112 NaN
e 3 112 NaN
e 112 4 NaN
e 112 5 NaN
e 112 115 NaN
e 113 5 NaN
e 114 6 NaN
e 106 114 NaN
e 115 6 NaN
e 116 4 NaN
e 111 104 NaN
e 117 4 NaN
e 118 87 NaN
