n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden tanh
n 8 hidden tanh
n 9 hidden identity
n 10 hidden sigmoid
n 11 hidden sigmoid
n 12 hidden tanh
n 13 hidden gaussian
n 14 hidden relu
n 15 hidden identity
n 16 hidden gaussian
n 17 hidden sine
n 18 hidden identity
n 19 hidden tanh
n 20 hidden gaussian
n 21 hidden tanh
n 22 hidden sine
n 23 hidden identity
n 24 hidden sigmoid
n 25 hidden sine
n 26 hidden relu
n 27 hidden relu
n 28 hidden identity
n 29 hidden identity
n 30 hidden tanh
n 31 hidden identity
n 32 hidden sigmoid
n 33 hidden tanh
n 34 hidden tanh
n 35 hidden identity
n 36 hidden tanh
n 37 hidden tanh
n 38 hidden sine
n 39 hidden relu
n 40 hidden identity
n 41 hidden gaussian
n 42 hidden relu
n 43 hidden sine
n 44 hidden tanh
n 45 hidden sigmoid
n 46 hidden sigmoid
n 47 hidden gaussian
n 48 hidden tanh
n 49 hidden tanh
n 50 hidden gaussian
n 51 hidden relu
n 52 hidden sigmoid
n 53 hidden sine
n 54 hidden tanh
n 55 hidden sigmoid
n 56 hidden relu
n 57 hidden tanh
n 58 hidden sigmoid
n 59 hidden tanh
n 60 hidden gaussian
n 61 hidden tanh
n 62 hidden tanh
n 63 hidden tanh
n 64 hidden relu
n 65 hidden tanh
n 66 hidden identity
n 67 hidden sigmoid
n 68 hidden tanh
n 69 hidden sigmoid
n 70 hidden sigmoid
n 71 hidden tanh
n 72 hidden gaussian
n 73 hidden sigmoid
n 74 hidden relu
n 75 hidden sigmoid
n 76 hidden sine
n 77 hidden identity
n 78 hidden tanh
n 79 hidden sine
n 80 hidden sine
n 81 hidden relu
n 82 hidden identity
n 83 hidden gaussian
n 84 hidden sigmoid
n 85 hidden tanh
n 86 hidden identity
n 87 hidden identity
n 88 hidden relu
n 89 hidden tanh
n 90 hidden sigmoid
n 91 hidden sigmoid
n 92 hidden relu
n 93 hidden relu
n 94 hidden tanh
n 95 hidden sine
n 96 hidden sine
n 97 hidden sigmoid
n 98 hidden sigmoid
n 99 hidden sigmoid
n 100 hidden sine
n 101 hidden identity
n 102 hidden tanh
n 103 hidden relu
n 104 hidden tanh
n 105 hidden gaussian
n 106 hidden tanh
n 107 hidden gaussian
n 108 hidden gaussian
n 109 hidden tanh
n 110 hidden gaussian
n 111 hidden sigmoid
n 112 hidden sigmoid
n 113 hidden gaussian
n 114 hidden sigmoid
n 115 hidden sine
n 116 hidden identity
n 117 hidden sine
n 118 hidden sigmoid
n 119 hidden sigmoid
n 120 hidden sine
n 121 hidden tanh
n 122 hidden gaussian
n 123 hidden gaussian
n 124 hidden identity
n 125 hidden relu
n 126 hidden sigmoid
n 127 hidden identity
n 128 hidden gaussian
n 129 hidden relu
n 130 hidden sine
n 131 hidden gaussian
n 132 hidden gaussian
n 133 hidden tanh
n 134 hidden sigmoid
n 135 hidden identity
n 136 hidden sigmoid
n 137 hidden identity
n 138 hidden identity
n 139 hidden tanh
n 140 hidden gaussian
n 141 hidden relu
n 142 hidden relu
n 143 hidden sigmoid
n 144 hidden relu
n 145 hidden sigmoid
n 146 hidden sigmoid
n 147 hidden relu
n 148 hidden sine
n 149 hidden sigmoid
n 150 hidden gaussian
n 151 hidden tanh
n 152 hidden relu
n 153 hidden sigmoid
n 154 hidden identity
n 155 hidden gaussian
n 156 hidden gaussian
n 157 hidden gaussian
n 158 hidden identity
e 0 7 NaN
e 1 7 NaN
e 2 7 NaN
e 3 7 NaN
e 7 4 NaN
e 7 5 NaN
e 7 6 NaN
e 0 8 NaN
e 1 8 NaN
e 2 12 NaN
e 3 8 NaN
e 8 4 NaN
e 8 5 NaN
e 8 6 NaN
e 0 9 NaN
e 1 9 NaN
e 2 9 NaN
e 3 9 NaN
e 9 4 NaN
e 9 5 NaN
e 9 6 NaN
e 0 11 NaN
e 1 10 NaN
e 2 10 NaN
e 3 10 NaN
e 10 4 NaN
e 10 5 NaN
e 10 6 NaN
e 11 10 NaN
e 12 8 NaN
e 12 7 NaN
e 0 13 NaN
e 1 13 NaN
e 2 13 NaN
e 3 13 NaN
e 13 4 NaN
e 13 5 NaN
e 13 6 NaN
e 0 14 NaN
e 1 14 NaN
e 2 14 NaN
e 3 14 NaN
e 14 4 NaN
e 14 19 NaN
e 14 6 NaN
e 0 15 NaN
e 1 15 NaN
e 2 15 NaN
e 3 17 NaN
e 15 4 NaN
e 15 5 NaN
e 15 6 NaN
e 0 16 NaN
e 1 16 NaN
e 2 16 NaN
e 3 16 NaN
e 16 4 NaN
e 16 5 NaN
e 16 6 NaN
e 17 15 NaN
e 0 18 NaN
e 18 6 NaN
e 19 5 NaN
e 9 18 NaN
e 0 20 NaN
e 1 20 NaN
e 2 20 NaN
e 3 20 NaN
e 20 4 NaN
e 20 5 NaN
e 20 6 NaN
e 0 21 NaN
e 1 21 NaN
e 2 21 NaN
e 3 21 NaN
e 21 4 NaN
e 21 5 NaN
e 21 6 NaN
e 0 22 NaN
e 1 22 NaN
e 2 22 NaN
e 3 22 NaN
e 22 4 NaN
e 22 5 NaN
e 22 6 NaN
e 0 23 NaN
e 1 23 NaN
e 2 23 NaN
e 3 23 NaN
e 23 4 NaN
e 23 5 NaN
e 23 6 NaN
e 0 24 NaN
e 1 24 NaN
e 2 24 NaN
e 3 24 NaN
e 24 4 NaN
e 24 5 NaN
e 24 6 NaN
e 0 25 NaN
e 1 25 NaN
e 2 25 NaN
e 3 25 NaN
e 25 4 NaN
e 25 5 NaN
e 25 6 NaN
e 0 26 NaN
e 1 26 NaN
e 2 26 NaN
e 3 26 NaN
e 26 28 NaN
e 26 29 NaN
e 26 6 NaN
e 0 27 NaN
e 1 27 NaN
e 2 27 NaN
e 3 27 NaN
e 27 4 NaN
e 27 5 NaN
e 27 6 NaN
e 28 4 NaN
e 29 5 NaN
e 21 25 NaN
e 0 30 NaN
e 1 30 NaN
e 2 30 NaN
e 3 30 NaN
e 30 4 NaN
e 30 5 NaN
e 30 6 NaN
e 0 31 NaN
e 1 31 NaN
e 2 31 NaN
e 3 31 NaN
e 31 4 NaN
e 31 5 NaN
e 31 6 NaN
e 0 32 NaN
e 1 32 NaN
e 2 32 NaN
e 3 32 NaN
e 32 4 NaN
e 32 5 NaN
e 32 6 NaN
e 0 33 NaN
e 1 33 NaN
e 2 44 NaN
e 3 33 NaN
e 33 4 NaN
e 33 5 NaN
e 33 6 NaN
e 0 34 NaN
e 1 34 NaN
e 2 34 NaN
e 3 34 NaN
e 34 4 NaN
e 34 5 NaN
e 34 6 NaN
e 0 35 NaN
e 1 38 NaN
e 2 35 NaN
e 3 35 NaN
e 35 4 NaN
e 35 5 NaN
e 35 6 NaN
e 0 36 NaN
e 1 36 NaN
e 2 36 NaN
e 3 36 NaN
e 36 4 NaN
e 36 5 NaN
e 36 6 NaN
e 0 37 NaN
e 1 37 NaN
e 2 37 NaN
e 3 37 NaN
e 37 4 NaN
e 37 5 NaN
e 37 6 NaN
e 38 35 NaN
e 0 39 NaN
e 1 39 NaN
e 2 39 NaN
e 3 39 NaN
e 39 4 NaN
e 39 5 NaN
e 39 6 NaN
e 0 40 NaN
e 1 40 NaN
e 2 40 NaN
e 3 40 NaN
e 40 4 NaN
e 40 5 NaN
e 40 6 NaN
e 0 41 NaN
e 1 43 NaN
e 2 41 NaN
e 3 41 NaN
e 41 4 NaN
e 41 5 NaN
e 41 6 NaN
e 0 42 NaN
e 1 42 NaN
e 2 42 NaN
e 3 42 NaN
e 42 4 NaN
e 42 5 NaN
e 42 6 NaN
e 43 41 NaN
e 39 41 NaN
e 22 37 NaN
e 44 33 NaN
e 22 43 NaN
e 40 31 NaN
e 0 45 NaN
e 1 45 NaN
e 2 45 NaN
e 3 49 NaN
e 45 4 NaN
e 45 5 NaN
e 45 6 NaN
e 0 46 NaN
e 1 46 NaN
e 2 46 NaN
e 3 46 NaN
e 46 55 NaN
e 46 5 NaN
e 46 6 NaN
e 0 47 NaN
e 1 47 NaN
e 2 47 NaN
e 3 47 NaN
e 47 4 NaN
e 47 5 NaN
e 47 6 NaN
e 0 48 NaN
e 1 48 NaN
e 2 48 NaN
e 3 48 NaN
e 48 4 NaN
e 48 5 NaN
e 48 6 NaN
e 49 45 NaN
e 0 50 NaN
e 1 50 NaN
e 2 50 NaN
e 3 50 NaN
e 50 4 NaN
e 50 5 NaN
e 50 6 NaN
e 0 51 NaN
e 1 51 NaN
e 2 51 NaN
e 3 51 NaN
e 51 4 NaN
e 51 5 NaN
e 51 6 NaN
e 0 52 NaN
e 1 52 NaN
e 2 52 NaN
e 3 52 NaN
e 52 4 NaN
e 52 5 NaN
e 52 6 NaN
e 0 54 NaN
e 1 53 NaN
e 2 53 NaN
e 3 53 NaN
e 53 4 NaN
e 53 5 NaN
e 53 6 NaN
e 54 53 NaN
e 55 4 NaN
e 2 54 NaN
e 0 56 NaN
e 1 56 NaN
e 2 56 NaN
e 3 56 NaN
e 56 4 NaN
e 56 5 NaN
e 56 6 NaN
e 0 84 NaN
e 1 57 NaN
e 2 57 NaN
e 3 57 NaN
e 57 4 NaN
e 57 5 NaN
e 57 6 NaN
e 0 58 NaN
e 1 58 NaN
e 2 58 NaN
e 3 58 NaN
e 58 4 NaN
e 58 5 NaN
e 58 6 NaN
e 0 59 NaN
e 1 59 NaN
e 2 59 NaN
e 3 59 NaN
e 59 4 NaN
e 59 5 NaN
e 59 60 NaN
e 60 6 NaN
e 0 61 NaN
e 1 61 NaN
e 2 61 NaN
e 3 61 NaN
e 61 4 NaN
e 61 5 NaN
e 61 6 NaN
e 0 62 NaN
e 1 62 NaN
e 2 62 NaN
e 3 62 NaN
e 62 4 NaN
e 62 5 NaN
e 62 6 NaN
e 0 63 NaN
e 1 63 NaN
e 2 63 NaN
e 3 63 NaN
e 63 4 NaN
e 63 5 NaN
e 63 6 NaN
e 0 64 NaN
e 1 64 NaN
e 2 64 NaN
e 3 64 NaN
e 64 4 NaN
e 64 5 NaN
e 64 6 NaN
e 0 65 NaN
e 1 65 NaN
e 2 65 NaN
e 3 65 NaN
e 65 4 NaN
e 65 5 NaN
e 65 6 NaN
e 0 66 NaN
e 1 66 NaN
e 2 66 NaN
e 3 66 NaN
e 66 4 NaN
e 66 5 NaN
e 66 6 NaN
e 0 67 NaN
e 1 67 NaN
e 2 67 NaN
e 3 67 NaN
e 67 4 NaN
e 67 5 NaN
e 67 6 NaN
e 0 68 NaN
e 1 68 NaN
e 2 68 NaN
e 3 74 NaN
e 68 69 NaN
e 68 5 NaN
e 68 6 NaN
e 69 4 NaN
e 0 70 NaN
e 1 70 NaN
e 2 70 NaN
e 3 70 NaN
e 70 4 NaN
e 70 5 NaN
e 70 6 NaN
e 0 71 NaN
e 1 71 NaN
e 2 71 NaN
e 3 71 NaN
e 71 4 NaN
e 71 5 NaN
e 71 6 NaN
e 0 72 NaN
e 1 72 NaN
e 2 72 NaN
e 3 72 NaN
e 72 4 NaN
e 72 5 NaN
e 72 6 NaN
e 0 73 NaN
e 1 73 NaN
e 2 73 NaN
e 3 73 NaN
e 73 4 NaN
e 73 5 NaN
e 73 6 NaN
e 74 68 NaN
e 0 75 NaN
e 1 75 NaN
e 2 75 NaN
e 3 75 NaN
e 75 4 NaN
e 75 5 NaN
e 75 6 NaN
e 0 76 NaN
e 1 76 NaN
e 2 76 NaN
e 3 76 NaN
e 76 4 NaN
e 76 5 NaN
e 76 6 NaN
e 0 77 NaN
e 1 77 NaN
e 2 77 NaN
e 3 77 NaN
e 77 4 NaN
e 77 5 NaN
e 77 6 NaN
e 0 78 NaN
e 1 83 NaN
e 2 78 NaN
e 3 78 NaN
e 78 4 NaN
e 78 5 NaN
e 78 6 NaN
e 0 79 NaN
e 1 79 NaN
e 2 79 NaN
e 3 79 NaN
e 79 4 NaN
e 79 5 NaN
e 79 6 NaN
e 0 80 NaN
e 1 80 NaN
e 2 80 NaN
e 3 80 NaN
e 80 4 NaN
e 80 5 NaN
e 80 6 NaN
e 0 81 NaN
e 1 81 NaN
e 2 81 NaN
e 3 81 NaN
e 81 4 NaN
e 81 5 NaN
e 81 6 NaN
e 0 82 NaN
e 1 82 NaN
e 2 82 NaN
e 3 82 NaN
e 82 4 NaN
e 82 5 NaN
e 82 6 NaN
e 83 78 NaN
e 83 54 NaN
e 84 57 NaN
e 51 54 NaN
e 0 85 NaN
e 1 85 NaN
e 2 85 NaN
e 3 85 NaN
e 85 4 NaN
e 85 5 NaN
e 85 6 NaN
e 0 86 NaN
e 1 86 NaN
e 2 86 NaN
e 3 86 NaN
e 86 4 NaN
e 86 5 NaN
e 86 6 NaN
e 0 87 NaN
e 1 87 NaN
e 2 87 NaN
e 3 90 NaN
e 87 4 NaN
e 87 89 NaN
e 87 6 NaN
e 0 88 NaN
e 1 88 NaN
e 2 88 NaN
e 3 88 NaN
e 88 4 NaN
e 88 5 NaN
e 88 6 NaN
e 89 91 NaN
e 90 87 NaN
e 87 88 NaN
e 3 89 NaN
e 91 5 NaN
e 0 92 NaN
e 1 92 NaN
e 2 92 NaN
e 3 92 NaN
e 92 4 NaN
e 92 96 NaN
e 92 6 NaN
e 0 93 NaN
e 1 93 NaN
e 2 93 NaN
e 3 93 NaN
e 93 4 NaN
e 93 97 NaN
e 93 6 NaN
e 0 94 NaN
e 1 94 NaN
e 2 94 NaN
e 3 94 NaN
e 94 4 NaN
e 94 5 NaN
e 94 6 NaN
e 0 95 NaN
e 1 95 NaN
e 2 95 NaN
e 3 95 NaN
e 95 4 NaN
e 95 5 NaN
e 95 6 NaN
e 96 5 NaN
e 97 5 NaN
e 0 98 NaN
e 1 98 NaN
e 2 98 NaN
e 3 98 NaN
e 98 4 NaN
e 98 5 NaN
e 98 6 NaN
e 0 112 NaN
e 1 99 NaN
e 2 99 NaN
e 3 102 NaN
e 99 4 NaN
e 99 5 NaN
e 99 6 NaN
e 0 100 NaN
e 1 100 NaN
e 2 100 NaN
e 3 100 NaN
e 100 4 NaN
e 100 103 NaN
e 100 6 NaN
e 0 101 NaN
e 1 101 NaN
e 2 101 NaN
e 3 101 NaN
e 101 4 NaN
e 101 5 NaN
e 101 6 NaN
e 102 99 NaN
e 103 5 NaN
e 102 103 NaN
e 0 104 NaN
e 1 104 NaN
e 2 104 NaN
e 3 104 NaN
e 104 4 NaN
e 104 5 NaN
e 104 109 NaN
e 0 110 NaN
e 1 105 NaN
e 2 105 NaN
e 3 105 NaN
e 105 111 NaN
e 105 5 NaN
e 105 6 NaN
e 0 106 NaN
e 1 106 NaN
e 2 106 NaN
e 3 106 NaN
e 106 4 NaN
e 106 5 NaN
e 106 108 NaN
e 0 107 NaN
e 1 107 NaN
e 2 107 NaN
e 3 107 NaN
e 107 4 NaN
e 107 5 NaN
e 107 6 NaN
e 108 6 NaN
e 107 105 NaN
e 109 6 NaN
e 110 105 NaN
e 103 106 NaN
e 111 4 NaN
e 112 99 NaN
e 0 125 NaN
e 1 113 NaN
e 2 113 NaN
e 3 113 NaN
e 113 126 NaN
e 113 5 NaN
e 113 6 NaN
e 0 114 NaN
e 1 114 NaN
e 2 114 NaN
e 3 114 NaN
e 114 4 NaN
e 114 5 NaN
e 114 6 NaN
e 0 115 NaN
e 1 115 NaN
e 2 115 NaN
e 3 115 NaN
e 115 4 NaN
e 115 5 NaN
e 115 6 NaN
e 0 124 NaN
e 1 116 NaN
e 2 116 NaN
e 3 116 NaN
e 116 4 NaN
e 116 5 NaN
e 116 122 NaN
e 0 117 NaN
e 1 117 NaN
e 2 117 NaN
e 3 117 NaN
e 117 4 NaN
e 117 5 NaN
e 117 6 NaN
e 0 118 NaN
e 1 118 NaN
e 2 118 NaN
e 3 118 NaN
e 118 4 NaN
e 118 5 NaN
e 118 6 NaN
e 0 119 NaN
e 1 121 NaN
e 2 123 NaN
e 3 119 NaN
e 119 4 NaN
e 119 5 NaN
e 119 6 NaN
e 0 120 NaN
e 1 120 NaN
e 2 120 NaN
e 3 120 NaN
e 120 4 NaN
e 120 5 NaN
e 120 6 NaN
e 121 119 NaN
e 2 5 NaN
e 122 6 NaN
e 123 119 NaN
e 124 116 NaN
e 125 113 NaN
e 3 137 NaN
e 126 4 NaN
e 1 5 NaN
e 0 134 NaN
e 1 127 NaN
e 2 127 NaN
e 3 127 NaN
e 127 4 NaN
e 127 5 NaN
e 127 6 NaN
e 0 128 NaN
e 1 128 NaN
e 2 128 NaN
e 3 128 NaN
e 128 136 NaN
e 128 5 NaN
e 128 6 NaN
e 0 129 NaN
e 1 129 NaN
e 2 132 NaN
e 3 133 NaN
e 129 131 NaN
e 129 5 NaN
e 129 6 NaN
e 0 130 NaN
e 1 130 NaN
e 2 130 NaN
e 3 130 NaN
e 130 4 NaN
e 130 5 NaN
e 130 6 NaN
e 131 4 NaN
e 132 135 NaN
e 133 129 NaN
e 134 127 NaN
e 135 129 NaN
e 136 4 NaN
e 120 131 NaN
e 137 123 NaN
e 0 138 NaN
e 1 138 NaN
e 2 138 NaN
e 3 138 NaN
e 138 4 NaN
e 138 5 NaN
e 138 6 NaN
e 0 139 NaN
e 1 139 NaN
e 2 139 NaN
e 3 139 NaN
e 139 4 NaN
e 139 5 NaN
e 139 6 NaN
e 0 140 NaN
e 1 140 NaN
e 2 142 NaN
e 3 140 NaN
e 140 4 NaN
e 140 5 NaN
e 140 6 NaN
e 0 141 NaN
e 1 141 NaN
e 2 150 NaN
e 3 141 NaN
e 141 4 NaN
e 141 5 NaN
e 141 143 NaN
e 142 140 NaN
e 143 6 NaN
e 0 144 NaN
e 1 144 NaN
e 2 144 NaN
e 3 144 NaN
e 144 4 NaN
e 144 5 NaN
e 144 6 NaN
e 0 145 NaN
e 1 145 NaN
e 2 145 NaN
e 3 145 NaN
e 145 4 NaN
e 145 5 NaN
e 145 6 NaN
e 0 146 NaN
e 1 148 NaN
e 2 158 NaN
e 3 146 NaN
e 146 4 NaN
e 146 5 NaN
e 146 6 NaN
e 0 147 NaN
e 1 147 NaN
e 2 147 NaN
e 3 147 NaN
e 147 4 NaN
e 147 5 NaN
e 147 6 NaN
e 148 146 NaN
e 1 6 NaN
e 1 149 NaN
e 149 143 NaN
e 150 141 NaN
e 145 139 NaN
e 0 151 NaN
e 1 151 NaN
e 2 157 NaN
e 3 151 NaN
e 151 4 NaN
e 151 5 NaN
e 151 6 NaN
e 0 152 NaN
e 1 152 NaN
e 2 152 NaN
e 3 152 NaN
e 152 4 NaN
e 152 5 NaN
e 152 6 NaN
e 0 153 NaN
e 1 153 NaN
e 2 153 NaN
e 3 153 NaN
e 153 4 NaN
e 153 5 NaN
e 153 6 NaN
e 0 156 NaN
e 1 154 NaN
e 2 154 NaN
e 3 155 NaN
e 154 4 NaN
e 154 5 NaN
e 154 6 NaN
e 155 154 NaN
e 1 155 NaN
e 156 154 NaN
e 156 155 NaN
e 157 151 NaN
e 150 138 NaN
e 158 146 NaN
e 143 139 NaN
e 156 101 NaN
e 37 109 0.021698
