n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden relu
n 8 hidden tanh
n 9 hidden sigmoid
n 10 hidden tanh
n 11 hidden sigmoid
n 12 hidden tanh
n 13 hidden tanh
n 14 hidden gaussian
n 15 hidden relu
n 16 hidden tanh
n 17 hidden identity
n 18 hidden identity
n 19 hidden relu
n 20 hidden tanh
n 21 hidden relu
n 22 hidden relu
n 23 hidden relu
n 24 hidden gaussian
n 25 hidden tanh
n 26 hidden sine
n 27 hidden gaussian
n 28 hidden relu
n 29 hidden relu
n 30 hidden relu
n 31 hidden relu
n 32 hidden sigmoid
n 33 hidden gaussian
n 34 hidden tanh
n 35 hidden sigmoid
n 36 hidden identity
n 37 hidden identity
n 38 hidden relu
n 39 hidden tanh
n 40 hidden tanh
n 41 hidden gaussian
n 42 hidden relu
n 43 hidden tanh
n 44 hidden identity
n 45 hidden identity
n 46 hidden relu
n 47 hidden tanh
n 48 hidden relu
n 49 hidden relu
n 50 hidden sigmoid
n 51 hidden identity
n 52 hidden sigmoid
n 53 hidden sigmoid
n 54 hidden gaussian
n 55 hidden tanh
n 56 hidden sigmoid
n 57 hidden identity
n 58 hidden tanh
n 59 hidden relu
n 60 hidden gaussian
n 61 hidden relu
n 62 hidden sigmoid
n 63 hidden gaussian
n 64 hidden relu
n 65 hidden sine
n 66 hidden sine
n 67 hidden gaussian
n 68 hidden sigmoid
n 69 hidden sine
n 70 hidden sigmoid
n 71 hidden sigmoid
n 72 hidden sine
n 73 hidden sine
n 74 hidden sigmoid
n 75 hidden gaussian
n 76 hidden tanh
n 77 hidden sigmoid
n 78 hidden identity
n 79 hidden tanh
n 80 hidden relu
n 81 hidden sine
n 82 hidden sigmoid
n 83 hidden tanh
n 84 hidden relu
n 85 hidden relu
n 86 hidden sigmoid
n 87 hidden sigmoid
n 88 hidden gaussian
n 89 hidden tanh
n 90 hidden tanh
n 91 hidden gaussian
n 92 hidden relu
n 93 hidden sigmoid
n 94 hidden sine
n 95 hidden tanh
n 96 hidden sigmoid
n 97 hidden relu
n 98 hidden tanh
n 99 hidden sigmoid
n 100 hidden tanh
n 101 hidden gaussian
n 102 hidden tanh
n 103 hidden tanh
n 104 hidden tanh
n 105 hidden relu
n 106 hidden tanh
n 107 hidden identity
n 108 hidden sigmoid
n 109 hidden tanh
n 110 hidden sigmoid
n 111 hidden sigmoid
n 112 hidden tanh
n 113 hidden gaussian
n 114 hidden sigmoid
n 115 hidden relu
n 116 hidden sigmoid
n 117 hidden sine
n 118 hidden identity
n 119 hidden tanh
n 120 hidden sine
n 121 hidden sine
n 122 hidden relu
n 123 hidden identity
n 124 hidden gaussian
n 125 hidden sigmoid
n 126 hidden tanh
n 127 hidden identity
n 128 hidden identity
n 129 hidden relu
n 130 hidden tanh
n 131 hidden sigmoid
n 132 hidden sigmoid
n 133 hidden relu
n 134 hidden relu
n 135 hidden tanh
n 136 hidden sine
n 137 hidden sine
n 138 hidden sigmoid
n 139 hidden sigmoid
n 140 hidden sigmoid
n 141 hidden sine
n 142 hidden identity
n 143 hidden tanh
n 144 hidden relu
n 145 hidden tanh
n 146 hidden gaussian
n 147 hidden tanh
n 148 hidden gaussian
n 149 hidden gaussian
n 150 hidden tanh
n 151 hidden gaussian
n 152 hidden sigmoid
n 153 hidden sigmoid
n 154 hidden sigmoid
n 155 hidden identity
n 156 hidden sine
n 157 hidden identity
n 158 hidden gaussian
n 159 hidden identity
n 160 hidden sine
n 161 hidden identity
n 162 hidden gaussian
n 163 hidden sigmoid
n 164 hidden identity
n 165 hidden relu
n 166 hidden tanh
n 167 hidden relu
n 168 hidden sigmoid
n 169 hidden identity
n 170 hidden gaussian
n 171 hidden gaussian
n 172 hidden sigmoid
n 173 hidden gaussian
n 174 hidden relu
n 175 hidden sine
n 176 hidden gaussian
n 177 hidden identity
n 178 hidden relu
n 179 hidden identity
n 180 hidden tanh
n 181 hidden sigmoid
n 182 hidden relu
n 183 hidden gaussian
n 184 hidden gaussian
n 185 hidden identity
n 186 hidden sine
n 187 hidden identity
n 188 hidden tanh
n 189 hidden tanh
n 190 hidden tanh
n 191 hidden relu
n 192 hidden identity
n 193 hidden tanh
n 194 hidden tanh
n 195 hidden sine
n 196 hidden sigmoid
e 0 7 NaN
e 1 7 NaN
e 2 7 NaN
e 3 11 NaN
e 7 4 NaN
e 7 5 NaN
e 7 6 NaN
e 0 24 NaN
e 1 8 NaN
e 2 8 NaN
e 3 8 NaN
e 8 4 NaN
e 8 5 NaN
e 8 26 NaN
e 0 9 NaN
e 1 9 NaN
e 2 9 NaN
e 3 9 NaN
e 9 4 NaN
e 9 5 NaN
e 9 6 NaN
e 0 10 NaN
e 1 25 NaN
e 2 27 NaN
e 3 10 NaN
e 10 4 NaN
e 10 23 NaN
e 10 6 NaN
e 11 7 NaN
e 0 12 NaN
e 1 12 NaN
e 2 12 NaN
e 3 12 NaN
e 12 4 NaN
e 12 5 NaN
e 12 22 NaN
e 0 13 NaN
e 1 13 NaN
e 2 13 NaN
e 3 13 NaN
e 13 4 NaN
e 13 5 NaN
e 13 6 NaN
e 0 14 NaN
e 1 14 NaN
e 2 14 NaN
e 3 14 NaN
e 14 4 NaN
e 14 5 NaN
e 14 6 NaN
e 0 15 NaN
e 1 15 NaN
e 2 15 NaN
e 3 15 NaN
e 15 4 NaN
e 15 5 NaN
e 15 6 NaN
e 0 16 NaN
e 1 16 NaN
e 2 16 NaN
e 3 16 NaN
e 16 4 NaN
e 16 5 NaN
e 16 6 NaN
e 0 17 NaN
e 1 17 NaN
e 2 17 NaN
e 3 17 NaN
e 17 21 NaN
e 17 5 NaN
e 17 6 NaN
e 0 18 NaN
e 1 18 NaN
e 2 18 NaN
e 3 18 NaN
e 18 4 NaN
e 18 20 NaN
e 18 6 NaN
e 0 19 NaN
e 1 19 NaN
e 2 19 NaN
e 3 19 NaN
e 19 4 NaN
e 19 5 NaN
e 19 6 NaN
e 20 5 NaN
e 11 4 NaN
e 21 4 NaN
e 22 6 NaN
e 11 5 NaN
e 23 5 NaN
e 19 23 NaN
e 0 23 NaN
e 24 8 NaN
e 25 10 NaN
e 26 6 NaN
e 27 10 NaN
e 12 14 NaN
e 0 28 NaN
e 1 28 NaN
e 2 38 NaN
e 3 28 NaN
e 28 4 NaN
e 28 5 NaN
e 28 6 NaN
e 0 29 NaN
e 1 29 NaN
e 2 29 NaN
e 3 29 NaN
e 29 4 NaN
e 29 5 NaN
e 29 6 NaN
e 0 30 NaN
e 1 30 NaN
e 2 30 NaN
e 3 30 NaN
e 30 4 NaN
e 30 5 NaN
e 30 6 NaN
e 0 31 NaN
e 1 31 NaN
e 2 31 NaN
e 3 31 NaN
e 31 4 NaN
e 31 5 NaN
e 31 6 NaN
e 0 32 NaN
e 1 32 NaN
e 2 32 NaN
e 3 32 NaN
e 32 4 NaN
e 32 5 NaN
e 32 6 NaN
e 0 33 NaN
e 1 33 NaN
e 2 33 NaN
e 3 33 NaN
e 33 4 NaN
e 33 37 NaN
e 33 6 NaN
e 0 34 NaN
e 1 34 NaN
e 2 36 NaN
e 3 34 NaN
e 34 4 NaN
e 34 5 NaN
e 34 6 NaN
e 0 35 NaN
e 1 35 NaN
e 2 35 NaN
e 3 35 NaN
e 35 4 NaN
e 35 5 NaN
e 35 6 NaN
e 36 34 NaN
e 36 4 NaN
e 30 36 NaN
e 37 5 NaN
e 38 28 NaN
e 0 39 NaN
e 1 39 NaN
e 2 39 NaN
e 3 39 NaN
e 39 4 NaN
e 39 63 NaN
e 39 49 NaN
e 0 40 NaN
e 1 40 NaN
e 2 40 NaN
e 3 51 NaN
e 40 4 NaN
e 40 5 NaN
e 40 6 NaN
e 0 41 NaN
e 1 41 NaN
e 2 41 NaN
e 3 41 NaN
e 41 4 NaN
e 41 5 NaN
e 41 6 NaN
e 0 42 NaN
e 1 42 NaN
e 2 42 NaN
e 3 42 NaN
e 42 4 NaN
e 42 52 NaN
e 42 6 NaN
e 0 43 NaN
e 1 43 NaN
e 2 43 NaN
e 3 43 NaN
e 43 4 NaN
e 43 5 NaN
e 43 6 NaN
e 0 44 NaN
e 1 44 NaN
e 2 44 NaN
e 3 50 NaN
e 44 48 NaN
e 44 5 NaN
e 44 6 NaN
e 0 45 NaN
e 1 45 NaN
e 2 45 NaN
e 3 45 NaN
e 45 4 NaN
e 45 47 NaN
e 45 6 NaN
e 0 46 NaN
e 1 46 NaN
e 2 46 NaN
e 3 46 NaN
e 46 4 NaN
e 46 5 NaN
e 46 6 NaN
e 47 5 NaN
e 38 4 NaN
e 48 4 NaN
e 49 6 NaN
e 38 5 NaN
e 50 44 NaN
e 50 4 NaN
e 49 40 NaN
e 51 40 NaN
e 52 5 NaN
e 27 48 NaN
e 0 53 NaN
e 1 61 NaN
e 2 53 NaN
e 3 53 NaN
e 53 4 NaN
e 53 5 NaN
e 53 6 NaN
e 0 54 NaN
e 1 54 NaN
e 2 54 NaN
e 3 54 NaN
e 54 58 NaN
e 54 5 NaN
e 54 6 NaN
e 0 55 NaN
e 1 59 NaN
e 2 57 NaN
e 3 55 NaN
e 55 4 NaN
e 55 5 NaN
e 55 60 NaN
e 0 56 NaN
e 1 56 NaN
e 2 64 NaN
e 3 56 NaN
e 56 4 NaN
e 56 5 NaN
e 56 6 NaN
e 57 62 NaN
e 57 4 NaN
e 58 4 NaN
e 59 55 NaN
e 60 6 NaN
e 61 53 NaN
e 62 55 NaN
e 63 5 NaN
e 64 56 NaN
e 0 65 NaN
e 1 73 NaN
e 2 65 NaN
e 3 65 NaN
e 65 4 NaN
e 65 5 NaN
e 65 6 NaN
e 0 66 NaN
e 1 66 NaN
e 2 66 NaN
e 3 66 NaN
e 66 4 NaN
e 66 5 NaN
e 66 6 NaN
e 0 67 NaN
e 1 67 NaN
e 2 67 NaN
e 3 67 NaN
e 67 4 NaN
e 67 5 NaN
e 67 6 NaN
e 0 68 NaN
e 1 68 NaN
e 2 68 NaN
e 3 68 NaN
e 68 4 NaN
e 68 5 NaN
e 68 6 NaN
e 0 69 NaN
e 1 69 NaN
e 2 85 NaN
e 3 69 NaN
e 69 4 NaN
e 69 5 NaN
e 69 6 NaN
e 0 70 NaN
e 1 70 NaN
e 2 83 NaN
e 3 70 NaN
e 70 4 NaN
e 70 5 NaN
e 70 6 NaN
e 0 71 NaN
e 1 71 NaN
e 2 71 NaN
e 3 71 NaN
e 71 4 NaN
e 71 5 NaN
e 71 6 NaN
e 0 72 NaN
e 1 72 NaN
e 2 72 NaN
e 3 72 NaN
e 72 4 NaN
e 72 5 NaN
e 72 84 NaN
e 72 69 NaN
e 73 65 NaN
e 72 67 NaN
e 0 74 NaN
e 1 74 NaN
e 2 74 NaN
e 3 74 NaN
e 74 4 NaN
e 74 5 NaN
e 74 6 NaN
e 0 75 NaN
e 1 75 NaN
e 2 75 NaN
e 3 75 NaN
e 75 79 NaN
e 75 5 NaN
e 75 6 NaN
e 0 82 NaN
e 1 80 NaN
e 2 78 NaN
e 3 76 NaN
e 76 4 NaN
e 76 5 NaN
e 76 6 NaN
e 0 77 NaN
e 1 77 NaN
e 2 77 NaN
e 3 77 NaN
e 77 4 NaN
e 77 5 NaN
e 77 6 NaN
e 78 76 NaN
e 78 4 NaN
e 79 4 NaN
e 80 81 NaN
e 81 76 NaN
e 82 76 NaN
e 83 70 NaN
e 68 65 NaN
e 84 6 NaN
e 85 69 NaN
e 0 86 NaN
e 1 86 NaN
e 2 86 NaN
e 3 90 NaN
e 86 4 NaN
e 86 5 NaN
e 86 6 NaN
e 0 87 NaN
e 1 87 NaN
e 2 87 NaN
e 3 87 NaN
e 87 96 NaN
e 87 5 NaN
e 87 6 NaN
e 0 88 NaN
e 1 88 NaN
e 2 88 NaN
e 3 88 NaN
e 88 4 NaN
e 88 5 NaN
e 88 6 NaN
e 0 89 NaN
e 1 89 NaN
e 2 89 NaN
e 3 89 NaN
e 89 4 NaN
e 89 5 NaN
e 89 6 NaN
e 90 86 NaN
e 0 91 NaN
e 1 91 NaN
e 2 91 NaN
e 3 91 NaN
e 91 4 NaN
e 91 5 NaN
e 91 6 NaN
e 0 92 NaN
e 1 92 NaN
e 2 92 NaN
e 3 92 NaN
e 92 4 NaN
e 92 5 NaN
e 92 6 NaN
e 0 93 NaN
e 1 93 NaN
e 2 93 NaN
e 3 93 NaN
e 93 4 NaN
e 93 5 NaN
e 93 6 NaN
e 0 95 NaN
e 1 94 NaN
e 2 94 NaN
e 3 94 NaN
e 94 154 NaN
e 94 5 NaN
e 94 6 NaN
e 95 94 NaN
e 96 4 NaN
e 2 95 NaN
e 0 97 NaN
e 1 97 NaN
e 2 97 NaN
e 3 97 NaN
e 97 4 NaN
e 97 5 NaN
e 97 6 NaN
e 0 125 NaN
e 1 98 NaN
e 2 98 NaN
e 3 98 NaN
e 98 4 NaN
e 98 5 NaN
e 98 6 NaN
e 0 99 NaN
e 1 99 NaN
e 2 99 NaN
e 3 99 NaN
e 99 4 NaN
e 99 5 NaN
e 99 6 NaN
e 0 100 NaN
e 1 100 NaN
e 2 100 NaN
e 3 100 NaN
e 100 4 NaN
e 100 5 NaN
e 100 101 NaN
e 101 6 NaN
e 0 102 NaN
e 1 102 NaN
e 2 102 NaN
e 3 102 NaN
e 102 4 NaN
e 102 5 NaN
e 102 6 NaN
e 0 103 NaN
e 1 103 NaN
e 2 103 NaN
e 3 103 NaN
e 103 4 NaN
e 103 5 NaN
e 103 6 NaN
e 0 104 NaN
e 1 104 NaN
e 2 104 NaN
e 3 104 NaN
e 104 4 NaN
e 104 5 NaN
e 104 6 NaN
e 0 105 NaN
e 1 105 NaN
e 2 105 NaN
e 3 105 NaN
e 105 4 NaN
e 105 5 NaN
e 105 6 NaN
e 0 106 NaN
e 1 106 NaN
e 2 106 NaN
e 3 106 NaN
e 106 4 NaN
e 106 5 NaN
e 106 6 NaN
e 0 107 NaN
e 1 107 NaN
e 2 107 NaN
e 3 107 NaN
e 107 4 NaN
e 107 5 NaN
e 107 6 NaN
e 0 108 NaN
e 1 108 NaN
e 2 108 NaN
e 3 108 NaN
e 108 4 NaN
e 108 5 NaN
e 108 6 NaN
e 0 109 NaN
e 1 109 NaN
e 2 109 NaN
e 3 115 NaN
e 109 110 NaN
e 109 5 NaN
e 109 6 NaN
e 110 4 NaN
e 0 111 NaN
e 1 111 NaN
e 2 111 NaN
e 3 111 NaN
e 111 4 NaN
e 111 5 NaN
e 111 6 NaN
e 0 112 NaN
e 1 112 NaN
e 2 112 NaN
e 3 112 NaN
e 112 4 NaN
e 112 5 NaN
e 112 6 NaN
e 0 113 NaN
e 1 113 NaN
e 2 113 NaN
e 3 113 NaN
e 113 4 NaN
e 113 5 NaN
e 113 6 NaN
e 0 114 NaN
e 1 114 NaN
e 2 114 NaN
e 3 114 NaN
e 114 4 NaN
e 114 5 NaN
e 114 6 NaN
e 115 109 NaN
e 0 116 NaN
e 1 116 NaN
e 2 116 NaN
e 3 116 NaN
e 116 4 NaN
e 116 5 NaN
e 116 6 NaN
e 0 117 NaN
e 1 117 NaN
e 2 117 NaN
e 3 117 NaN
e 117 4 NaN
e 117 155 NaN
e 117 6 NaN
e 0 118 NaN
e 1 118 NaN
e 2 118 NaN
e 3 118 NaN
e 118 4 NaN
e 118 5 NaN
e 118 6 NaN
e 0 119 NaN
e 1 124 NaN
e 2 119 NaN
e 3 119 NaN
e 119 4 NaN
e 119 5 NaN
e 119 6 NaN
e 0 120 NaN
e 1 120 NaN
e 2 120 NaN
e 3 120 NaN
e 120 4 NaN
e 120 5 NaN
e 120 6 NaN
e 0 121 NaN
e 1 121 NaN
e 2 121 NaN
e 3 121 NaN
e 121 4 NaN
e 121 5 NaN
e 121 6 NaN
e 0 122 NaN
e 1 122 NaN
e 2 122 NaN
e 3 122 NaN
e 122 4 NaN
e 122 5 NaN
e 122 6 NaN
e 0 123 NaN
e 1 123 NaN
e 2 123 NaN
e 3 123 NaN
e 123 4 NaN
e 123 5 NaN
e 123 6 NaN
e 124 119 NaN
e 124 95 NaN
e 125 98 NaN
e 92 95 NaN
e 0 126 NaN
e 1 126 NaN
e 2 126 NaN
e 3 126 NaN
e 126 4 NaN
e 126 5 NaN
e 126 6 NaN
e 0 127 NaN
e 1 127 NaN
e 2 127 NaN
e 3 127 NaN
e 127 4 NaN
e 127 5 NaN
e 127 6 NaN
e 0 128 NaN
e 1 128 NaN
e 2 128 NaN
e 3 131 NaN
e 128 4 NaN
e 128 130 NaN
e 128 6 NaN
e 0 129 NaN
e 1 129 NaN
e 2 129 NaN
e 3 129 NaN
e 129 4 NaN
e 129 5 NaN
e 129 6 NaN
e 130 132 NaN
e 131 128 NaN
e 128 129 NaN
e 3 130 NaN
e 132 5 NaN
e 0 133 NaN
e 1 133 NaN
e 2 133 NaN
e 3 133 NaN
e 133 4 NaN
e 133 137 NaN
e 133 6 NaN
e 0 134 NaN
e 1 134 NaN
e 2 134 NaN
e 3 134 NaN
e 134 4 NaN
e 134 138 NaN
e 134 6 NaN
e 0 135 NaN
e 1 135 NaN
e 2 135 NaN
e 3 135 NaN
e 135 4 NaN
e 135 5 NaN
e 135 6 NaN
e 0 136 NaN
e 1 136 NaN
e 2 136 NaN
e 3 136 NaN
e 136 4 NaN
e 136 5 NaN
e 136 6 NaN
e 137 5 NaN
e 138 156 NaN
e 0 139 NaN
e 1 139 NaN
e 2 139 NaN
e 3 139 NaN
e 139 4 NaN
e 139 5 NaN
e 139 6 NaN
e 0 153 NaN
e 1 140 NaN
e 2 140 NaN
e 3 143 NaN
e 140 4 NaN
e 140 5 NaN
e 140 6 NaN
e 0 141 NaN
e 1 141 NaN
e 2 141 NaN
e 3 141 NaN
e 141 4 NaN
e 141 144 NaN
e 141 6 NaN
e 0 142 NaN
e 1 142 NaN
e 2 142 NaN
e 3 142 NaN
e 142 4 NaN
e 142 5 NaN
e 142 6 NaN
e 143 140 NaN
e 144 5 NaN
e 143 144 NaN
e 0 145 NaN
e 1 145 NaN
e 2 145 NaN
e 3 145 NaN
e 145 4 NaN
e 145 5 NaN
e 145 150 NaN
e 0 151 NaN
e 1 146 NaN
e 2 146 NaN
e 3 146 NaN
e 146 152 NaN
e 146 5 NaN
e 146 6 NaN
e 0 147 NaN
e 1 147 NaN
e 2 147 NaN
e 3 147 NaN
e 147 4 NaN
e 147 5 NaN
e 147 149 NaN
e 0 148 NaN
e 1 148 NaN
e 2 148 NaN
e 3 148 NaN
e 148 4 NaN
e 148 5 NaN
e 148 6 NaN
e 149 6 NaN
e 148 146 NaN
e 150 6 NaN
e 151 146 NaN
e 144 147 NaN
e 152 4 NaN
e 153 140 NaN
e 154 4 NaN
e 136 93 NaN
e 155 5 NaN
e 156 5 NaN
e 118 126 NaN
e 94 143 NaN
e 0 157 NaN
e 1 157 NaN
e 2 157 NaN
e 3 163 NaN
e 157 4 NaN
e 157 161 NaN
e 157 165 NaN
e 0 158 NaN
e 1 158 NaN
e 2 158 NaN
e 3 158 NaN
e 158 164 NaN
e 158 5 NaN
e 158 162 NaN
e 0 159 NaN
e 1 159 NaN
e 2 182 NaN
e 3 159 NaN
e 159 4 NaN
e 159 5 NaN
e 159 6 NaN
e 0 160 NaN
e 1 160 NaN
e 2 160 NaN
e 3 160 NaN
e 160 4 NaN
e 160 5 NaN
e 160 6 NaN
e 161 5 NaN
e 162 6 NaN
e 163 157 NaN
e 164 4 NaN
e 165 6 NaN
e 0 166 NaN
e 1 166 NaN
e 2 166 NaN
e 3 166 NaN
e 166 172 NaN
e 166 5 NaN
e 166 6 NaN
e 0 167 NaN
e 1 167 NaN
e 2 167 NaN
e 3 173 NaN
e 167 4 NaN
e 167 5 NaN
e 167 6 NaN
e 0 168 NaN
e 1 168 NaN
e 2 168 NaN
e 3 168 NaN
e 168 179 NaN
e 168 5 NaN
e 168 6 NaN
e 0 171 NaN
e 1 169 NaN
e 2 169 NaN
e 3 170 NaN
e 169 4 NaN
e 169 5 NaN
e 169 6 NaN
e 170 169 NaN
e 1 170 NaN
e 171 169 NaN
e 172 180 NaN
e 173 167 NaN
e 0 174 NaN
e 1 174 NaN
e 2 174 NaN
e 3 174 NaN
e 174 4 NaN
e 174 5 NaN
e 174 6 NaN
e 0 175 NaN
e 1 175 NaN
e 2 175 NaN
e 3 175 NaN
e 175 4 NaN
e 175 178 NaN
e 175 6 NaN
e 0 176 NaN
e 1 176 NaN
e 2 176 NaN
e 3 176 NaN
e 176 4 NaN
e 176 5 NaN
e 176 6 NaN
e 0 177 NaN
e 1 177 NaN
e 2 177 NaN
e 3 177 NaN
e 177 4 NaN
e 177 5 NaN
e 177 181 NaN
e 178 5 NaN
e 171 6 NaN
e 179 4 NaN
e 180 4 NaN
e 171 173 NaN
e 181 6 NaN
e 158 177 NaN
e 182 159 NaN
e 176 180 NaN
e 0 183 NaN
e 1 183 NaN
e 2 183 NaN
e 3 183 NaN
e 183 195 NaN
e 183 5 NaN
e 183 6 NaN
e 0 184 NaN
e 1 184 NaN
e 2 184 NaN
e 3 184 NaN
e 184 4 NaN
e 184 5 NaN
e 184 187 NaN
e 0 185 NaN
e 1 185 NaN
e 2 185 NaN
e 3 185 NaN
e 185 4 NaN
e 185 5 NaN
e 185 6 NaN
e 0 186 NaN
e 1 186 NaN
e 2 186 NaN
e 3 186 NaN
e 186 196 NaN
e 186 5 NaN
e 186 6 NaN
e 187 6 NaN
e 0 188 NaN
e 1 188 NaN
e 2 188 NaN
e 3 188 NaN
e 188 4 NaN
e 188 192 NaN
e 188 193 NaN
e 0 189 NaN
e 1 189 NaN
e 2 189 NaN
e 3 189 NaN
e 189 4 NaN
e 189 5 NaN
e 189 6 NaN
e 0 190 NaN
e 1 190 NaN
e 2 190 NaN
e 3 190 NaN
e 190 4 NaN
e 190 5 NaN
e 190 6 NaN
e 0 191 NaN
e 1 191 NaN
e 2 191 NaN
e 3 191 NaN
e 191 4 NaN
e 191 5 NaN
e 191 194 NaN
e 192 5 NaN
e 193 6 NaN
e 185 193 NaN
e 194 6 NaN
e 195 4 NaN
e 190 183 NaN
e 196 4 NaN
