n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden tanh
n 8 hidden gaussian
n 9 hidden tanh
n 10 hidden gaussian
n 11 hidden gaussian
n 12 hidden tanh
n 13 hidden gaussian
n 14 hidden sine
n 15 hidden sigmoid
n 16 hidden sigmoid
n 17 hidden sine
n 18 hidden gaussian
n 19 hidden tanh
n 20 hidden gaussian
n 21 hidden gaussian
n 22 hidden identity
n 23 hidden sine
n 24 hidden identity
n 25 hidden sine
n 26 hidden sigmoid
n 27 hidden gaussian
n 28 hidden gaussian
n 29 hidden identity
n 30 hidden sine
n 31 hidden identity
n 32 hidden tanh
n 33 hidden tanh
n 34 hidden tanh
n 35 hidden relu
n 36 hidden identity
n 37 hidden tanh
n 38 hidden tanh
n 39 hidden relu
n 40 hidden sine
n 41 hidden tanh
n 42 hidden relu
n 43 hidden sigmoid
n 44 hidden identity
n 45 hidden gaussian
n 46 hidden gaussian
n 47 hidden gaussian
n 48 hidden gaussian
n 49 hidden tanh
n 50 hidden tanh
n 51 hidden identity
n 52 hidden sine
n 53 hidden sine
n 54 hidden identity
n 55 hidden identity
n 56 hidden gaussian
n 57 hidden tanh
n 58 hidden identity
n 59 hidden identity
n 60 hidden relu
n 61 hidden tanh
n 62 hidden sigmoid
n 63 hidden sigmoid
n 64 hidden tanh
n 65 hidden sigmoid
n 66 hidden tanh
n 67 hidden tanh
n 68 hidden tanh
n 69 hidden tanh
n 70 hidden relu
n 71 hidden sine
n 72 hidden sine
n 73 hidden sigmoid
n 74 hidden sigmoid
n 75 hidden tanh
n 76 hidden tanh
n 77 hidden tanh
n 78 hidden relu
n 79 hidden identity
n 80 hidden tanh
n 81 hidden tanh
n 82 hidden tanh
n 83 hidden tanh
n 84 hidden identity
n 85 hidden sigmoid
n 86 hidden sigmoid
n 87 hidden tanh
n 88 hidden gaussian
n 89 hidden relu
n 90 hidden identity
n 91 hidden gaussian
n 92 hidden sine
n 93 hidden identity
n 94 hidden tanh
n 95 hidden relu
n 96 hidden relu
n 97 hidden identity
n 98 hidden identity
n 99 hidden sine
n 100 hidden sine
n 101 hidden tanh
n 102 hidden sigmoid
n 103 hidden tanh
n 104 hidden tanh
n 105 hidden tanh
n 106 hidden tanh
n 107 hidden relu
n 108 hidden sine
n 109 hidden relu
n 110 hidden sine
n 111 hidden sine
n 112 hidden relu
n 113 hidden identity
n 114 hidden gaussian
n 115 hidden identity
n 116 hidden tanh
n 117 hidden identity
n 118 hidden identity
n 119 hidden relu
n 120 hidden tanh
n 121 hidden sigmoid
n 122 hidden sigmoid
n 123 hidden sigmoid
n 124 hidden sine
n 125 hidden gaussian
e 0 40 NaN
e 1 7 NaN
e 2 7 NaN
e 3 7 NaN
e 7 51 NaN
e 7 5 NaN
e 7 12 NaN
e 0 13 NaN
e 1 8 NaN
e 2 8 NaN
e 3 8 NaN
e 8 4 NaN
e 8 5 NaN
e 8 6 NaN
e 0 9 NaN
e 1 9 NaN
e 2 9 NaN
e 3 9 NaN
e 9 4 NaN
e 9 5 NaN
e 9 11 NaN
e 0 10 NaN
e 1 10 NaN
e 2 10 NaN
e 3 10 NaN
e 10 4 NaN
e 10 5 NaN
e 10 6 NaN
e 11 6 NaN
e 10 8 NaN
e 12 6 NaN
e 13 8 NaN
e 0 14 NaN
e 1 14 NaN
e 2 14 NaN
e 3 14 NaN
e 14 4 NaN
e 14 5 NaN
e 14 6 NaN
e 0 15 NaN
e 1 15 NaN
e 2 15 NaN
e 3 19 NaN
e 15 4 NaN
e 15 5 NaN
e 15 6 NaN
e 0 16 NaN
e 1 16 NaN
e 2 18 NaN
e 3 16 NaN
e 16 4 NaN
e 16 5 NaN
e 16 6 NaN
e 0 17 NaN
e 1 17 NaN
e 2 17 NaN
e 3 17 NaN
e 17 4 NaN
e 17 5 NaN
e 17 6 NaN
e 17 14 NaN
e 18 16 NaN
e 19 15 NaN
e 0 20 NaN
e 1 20 NaN
e 2 20 NaN
e 3 20 NaN
e 20 4 NaN
e 20 5 NaN
e 20 6 NaN
e 0 21 NaN
e 1 21 NaN
e 2 21 NaN
e 3 21 NaN
e 21 4 NaN
e 21 5 NaN
e 21 24 NaN
e 0 22 NaN
e 1 25 NaN
e 2 22 NaN
e 3 22 NaN
e 22 4 NaN
e 22 5 NaN
e 22 6 NaN
e 0 23 NaN
e 1 23 NaN
e 2 23 NaN
e 3 23 NaN
e 23 4 NaN
e 23 5 NaN
e 23 6 NaN
e 24 6 NaN
e 25 26 NaN
e 26 22 NaN
e 0 27 NaN
e 1 27 NaN
e 2 27 NaN
e 3 27 NaN
e 27 4 NaN
e 27 5 NaN
e 27 6 NaN
e 0 28 NaN
e 1 28 NaN
e 2 28 NaN
e 3 28 NaN
e 28 4 NaN
e 28 5 NaN
e 28 31 NaN
e 0 29 NaN
e 1 29 NaN
e 2 29 NaN
e 3 29 NaN
e 29 4 NaN
e 29 5 NaN
e 29 6 NaN
e 0 30 NaN
e 1 30 NaN
e 2 30 NaN
e 3 30 NaN
e 30 4 NaN
e 30 5 NaN
e 30 6 NaN
e 31 6 NaN
e 0 32 NaN
e 1 32 NaN
e 2 32 NaN
e 3 32 NaN
e 32 4 NaN
e 32 36 NaN
e 32 37 NaN
e 0 33 NaN
e 1 33 NaN
e 2 33 NaN
e 3 33 NaN
e 33 4 NaN
e 33 5 NaN
e 33 39 NaN
e 0 34 NaN
e 1 34 NaN
e 2 34 NaN
e 3 34 NaN
e 34 4 NaN
e 34 5 NaN
e 34 6 NaN
e 0 35 NaN
e 1 35 NaN
e 2 35 NaN
e 3 35 NaN
e 35 4 NaN
e 35 5 NaN
e 35 38 NaN
e 36 5 NaN
e 37 6 NaN
e 29 37 NaN
e 38 6 NaN
e 36 31 NaN
e 39 6 NaN
e 40 7 NaN
e 22 17 NaN
e 0 41 NaN
e 1 41 NaN
e 2 47 NaN
e 3 41 NaN
e 41 4 NaN
e 41 5 NaN
e 41 6 NaN
e 0 42 NaN
e 1 42 NaN
e 2 50 NaN
e 3 42 NaN
e 42 49 NaN
e 42 5 NaN
e 42 6 NaN
e 0 43 NaN
e 1 43 NaN
e 2 43 NaN
e 3 43 NaN
e 43 4 NaN
e 43 5 NaN
e 43 6 NaN
e 0 46 NaN
e 1 44 NaN
e 2 44 NaN
e 3 45 NaN
e 44 4 NaN
e 44 48 NaN
e 44 6 NaN
e 45 44 NaN
e 1 45 NaN
e 46 44 NaN
e 46 45 NaN
e 47 41 NaN
e 48 5 NaN
e 49 4 NaN
e 50 42 NaN
e 3 50 NaN
e 51 4 NaN
e 0 52 NaN
e 1 74 NaN
e 2 52 NaN
e 3 52 NaN
e 52 4 NaN
e 52 5 NaN
e 52 6 NaN
e 0 53 NaN
e 1 53 NaN
e 2 53 NaN
e 3 53 NaN
e 53 4 NaN
e 53 5 NaN
e 53 6 NaN
e 0 54 NaN
e 1 54 NaN
e 2 54 NaN
e 3 54 NaN
e 54 4 NaN
e 54 5 NaN
e 54 6 NaN
e 0 56 NaN
e 1 55 NaN
e 2 55 NaN
e 3 55 NaN
e 55 4 NaN
e 55 5 NaN
e 55 6 NaN
e 56 55 NaN
e 0 57 NaN
e 1 57 NaN
e 2 57 NaN
e 3 57 NaN
e 57 4 NaN
e 57 5 NaN
e 57 6 NaN
e 0 58 NaN
e 1 58 NaN
e 2 58 NaN
e 3 58 NaN
e 58 4 NaN
e 58 5 NaN
e 58 6 NaN
e 0 59 NaN
e 1 59 NaN
e 2 59 NaN
e 3 62 NaN
e 59 4 NaN
e 59 61 NaN
e 59 6 NaN
e 0 60 NaN
e 1 60 NaN
e 2 60 NaN
e 3 60 NaN
e 60 4 NaN
e 60 5 NaN
e 60 6 NaN
e 61 63 NaN
e 62 59 NaN
e 59 60 NaN
e 3 61 NaN
e 63 5 NaN
e 0 64 NaN
e 1 64 NaN
e 2 64 NaN
e 3 64 NaN
e 64 4 NaN
e 64 5 NaN
e 64 6 NaN
e 0 65 NaN
e 1 65 NaN
e 2 65 NaN
e 3 69 NaN
e 65 4 NaN
e 65 68 NaN
e 65 6 NaN
e 0 66 NaN
e 1 72 NaN
e 2 66 NaN
e 3 66 NaN
e 66 4 NaN
e 66 5 NaN
e 66 6 NaN
e 0 67 NaN
e 1 67 NaN
e 2 67 NaN
e 3 67 NaN
e 67 4 NaN
e 67 73 NaN
e 67 70 NaN
e 68 5 NaN
e 69 65 NaN
e 70 6 NaN
e 71 5 NaN
e 0 4 NaN
e 72 66 NaN
e 73 71 NaN
e 74 52 NaN
e 0 75 NaN
e 1 75 NaN
e 2 75 NaN
e 3 95 NaN
e 75 4 NaN
e 75 79 NaN
e 75 80 NaN
e 0 76 NaN
e 1 76 NaN
e 2 76 NaN
e 3 76 NaN
e 76 4 NaN
e 76 5 NaN
e 76 6 NaN
e 0 77 NaN
e 1 77 NaN
e 2 77 NaN
e 3 77 NaN
e 77 4 NaN
e 77 5 NaN
e 77 6 NaN
e 0 78 NaN
e 1 78 NaN
e 2 78 NaN
e 3 96 NaN
e 78 4 NaN
e 78 5 NaN
e 78 81 NaN
e 79 5 NaN
e 80 6 NaN
e 72 80 NaN
e 81 6 NaN
e 0 82 NaN
e 1 82 NaN
e 2 82 NaN
e 3 82 NaN
e 82 4 NaN
e 82 5 NaN
e 82 6 NaN
e 0 83 NaN
e 1 83 NaN
e 2 87 NaN
e 3 83 NaN
e 83 4 NaN
e 83 5 NaN
e 83 6 NaN
e 0 84 NaN
e 1 84 NaN
e 2 84 NaN
e 3 84 NaN
e 84 4 NaN
e 84 5 NaN
e 84 6 NaN
e 0 86 NaN
e 1 85 NaN
e 2 85 NaN
e 3 85 NaN
e 85 4 NaN
e 85 5 NaN
e 85 6 NaN
e 86 85 NaN
e 87 83 NaN
e 87 82 NaN
e 0 88 NaN
e 1 88 NaN
e 2 88 NaN
e 3 88 NaN
e 88 4 NaN
e 88 5 NaN
e 88 6 NaN
e 0 89 NaN
e 1 89 NaN
e 2 89 NaN
e 3 89 NaN
e 89 4 NaN
e 89 94 NaN
e 89 6 NaN
e 0 90 NaN
e 1 90 NaN
e 2 90 NaN
e 3 92 NaN
e 90 4 NaN
e 90 5 NaN
e 90 6 NaN
e 0 91 NaN
e 1 91 NaN
e 2 91 NaN
e 3 91 NaN
e 91 4 NaN
e 91 5 NaN
e 91 6 NaN
e 92 90 NaN
e 0 93 NaN
e 93 6 NaN
e 94 5 NaN
e 84 93 NaN
e 95 75 NaN
e 96 78 NaN
e 0 97 NaN
e 1 97 NaN
e 2 109 NaN
e 3 97 NaN
e 97 115 NaN
e 97 5 NaN
e 97 6 NaN
e 0 98 NaN
e 1 98 NaN
e 2 98 NaN
e 3 98 NaN
e 98 4 NaN
e 98 5 NaN
e 98 6 NaN
e 0 99 NaN
e 1 99 NaN
e 2 99 NaN
e 3 99 NaN
e 99 4 NaN
e 99 5 NaN
e 99 6 NaN
e 0 100 NaN
e 1 100 NaN
e 2 100 NaN
e 3 100 NaN
e 100 4 NaN
e 100 5 NaN
e 100 6 NaN
e 0 101 NaN
e 1 101 NaN
e 2 101 NaN
e 3 101 NaN
e 101 4 NaN
e 101 5 NaN
e 101 6 NaN
e 0 102 NaN
e 1 102 NaN
e 2 102 NaN
e 3 106 NaN
e 102 4 NaN
e 102 105 NaN
e 102 6 NaN
e 0 103 NaN
e 1 103 NaN
e 2 103 NaN
e 3 103 NaN
e 103 4 NaN
e 103 5 NaN
e 103 6 NaN
e 0 104 NaN
e 1 104 NaN
e 2 104 NaN
e 3 104 NaN
e 104 4 NaN
e 104 108 NaN
e 104 107 NaN
e 105 5 NaN
e 106 102 NaN
e 107 6 NaN
e 108 5 NaN
e 109 97 NaN
e 99 100 NaN
e 0 110 NaN
e 1 110 NaN
e 2 110 NaN
e 3 110 NaN
e 110 4 NaN
e 110 5 NaN
e 110 6 NaN
e 0 111 NaN
e 1 111 NaN
e 2 111 NaN
e 3 111 NaN
e 111 4 NaN
e 111 5 NaN
e 111 6 NaN
e 0 112 NaN
e 1 112 NaN
e 2 112 NaN
e 3 112 NaN
e 112 4 NaN
e 112 5 NaN
e 112 6 NaN
e 0 113 NaN
e 1 113 NaN
e 2 113 NaN
e 3 113 NaN
e 113 4 NaN
e 113 5 NaN
e 113 114 NaN
e 114 6 NaN
e 3 4 NaN
e 115 4 NaN
e 0 116 NaN
e 1 116 NaN
e 2 116 NaN
e 3 116 NaN
e 116 4 NaN
e 116 5 NaN
e 116 6 NaN
e 0 125 NaN
e 1 117 NaN
e 2 117 NaN
e 3 117 NaN
e 117 4 NaN
e 117 5 NaN
e 117 6 NaN
e 0 118 NaN
e 1 118 NaN
e 2 123 NaN
e 3 121 NaN
e 118 4 NaN
e 118 120 NaN
e 118 6 NaN
e 0 119 NaN
e 1 119 NaN
e 2 119 NaN
e 3 119 NaN
e 119 4 NaN
e 119 124 NaN
e 119 6 NaN
e 120 122 NaN
e 121 118 NaN
e 118 119 NaN
e 3 120 NaN
e 122 5 NaN
e 123 118 NaN
e 2 5 NaN
e 124 5 NaN
e 125 117 NaN
e 97 123 NaN
