n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden identity
n 8 hidden tanh
n 9 hidden gaussian
n 10 hidden relu
n 11 hidden relu
n 12 hidden sigmoid
n 13 hidden relu
n 14 hidden sigmoid
n 15 hidden sigmoid
n 16 hidden relu
n 17 hidden sine
n 18 hidden sigmoid
n 19 hidden gaussian
n 20 hidden tanh
n 21 hidden relu
n 22 hidden sigmoid
n 23 hidden identity
n 24 hidden gaussian
n 25 hidden gaussian
n 26 hidden gaussian
n 27 hidden identity
n 28 hidden relu
n 29 hidden sine
n 30 hidden sine
n 31 hidden identity
n 32 hidden identity
n 33 hidden gaussian
n 34 hidden tanh
n 35 hidden identity
n 36 hidden identity
n 37 hidden relu
n 38 hidden tanh
n 39 hidden sigmoid
n 40 hidden sigmoid
n 41 hidden tanh
n 42 hidden sigmoid
n 43 hidden tanh
n 44 hidden tanh
n 45 hidden tanh
n 46 hidden tanh
n 47 hidden relu
n 48 hidden sine
n 49 hidden sine
n 50 hidden sigmoid
n 51 hidden relu
n 52 hidden sine
n 53 hidden sine
n 54 hidden relu
n 55 hidden tanh
n 56 hidden gaussian
n 57 hidden relu
n 58 hidden relu
n 59 hidden sigmoid
n 60 hidden sigmoid
n 61 hidden gaussian
n 62 hidden tanh
n 63 hidden tanh
n 64 hidden gaussian
n 65 hidden relu
n 66 hidden sigmoid
n 67 hidden sine
n 68 hidden tanh
n 69 hidden sigmoid
n 70 hidden relu
n 71 hidden tanh
n 72 hidden sigmoid
n 73 hidden tanh
n 74 hidden gaussian
n 75 hidden tanh
n 76 hidden tanh
n 77 hidden tanh
n 78 hidden relu
n 79 hidden tanh
n 80 hidden identity
n 81 hidden sigmoid
n 82 hidden tanh
n 83 hidden sigmoid
n 84 hidden sigmoid
n 85 hidden tanh
n 86 hidden gaussian
n 87 hidden sigmoid
n 88 hidden relu
n 89 hidden sigmoid
n 90 hidden sine
n 91 hidden identity
n 92 hidden tanh
n 93 hidden sine
n 94 hidden sine
n 95 hidden relu
n 96 hidden identity
n 97 hidden gaussian
n 98 hidden identity
n 99 hidden gaussian
n 100 hidden gaussian
n 101 hidden identity
n 102 hidden sine
n 103 hidden relu
n 104 hidden sine
n 105 hidden gaussian
n 106 hidden identity
n 107 hidden relu
n 108 hidden tanh
n 109 hidden relu
n 110 hidden sigmoid
n 111 hidden identity
n 112 hidden gaussian
n 113 hidden gaussian
n 114 hidden gaussian
n 115 hidden gaussian
n 116 hidden tanh
n 117 hidden tanh
n 118 hidden sine
n 119 hidden gaussian
n 120 hidden identity
n 121 hidden identity
n 122 hidden sine
n 123 hidden sine
n 124 hidden tanh
n 125 hidden sigmoid
n 126 hidden tanh
n 127 hidden tanh
n 128 hidden tanh
n 129 hidden tanh
n 130 hidden relu
n 131 hidden sine
n 132 hidden relu
n 133 hidden sine
n 134 hidden sine
n 135 hidden relu
n 136 hidden identity
n 137 hidden gaussian
n 138 hidden identity
n 139 hidden tanh
n 140 hidden relu
n 141 hidden relu
e 0 7 NaN
e 1 7 NaN
e 2 7 NaN
e 3 7 NaN
e 7 4 NaN
e 7 5 NaN
e 7 6 NaN
e 0 8 NaN
e 1 8 NaN
e 2 8 NaN
e 3 8 NaN
e 8 4 NaN
e 8 5 NaN
e 8 6 NaN
e 0 9 NaN
e 1 9 NaN
e 2 11 NaN
e 3 9 NaN
e 9 4 NaN
e 9 5 NaN
e 9 6 NaN
e 0 10 NaN
e 1 10 NaN
e 2 19 NaN
e 3 10 NaN
e 10 4 NaN
e 10 5 NaN
e 10 12 NaN
e 11 9 NaN
e 12 6 NaN
e 0 13 NaN
e 1 13 NaN
e 2 13 NaN
e 3 13 NaN
e 13 4 NaN
e 13 5 NaN
e 13 6 NaN
e 0 14 NaN
e 1 14 NaN
e 2 14 NaN
e 3 28 NaN
e 14 4 NaN
e 14 5 NaN
e 14 6 NaN
e 0 15 NaN
e 1 17 NaN
e 2 27 NaN
e 3 15 NaN
e 15 4 NaN
e 15 5 NaN
e 15 6 NaN
e 0 16 NaN
e 1 16 NaN
e 2 16 NaN
e 3 16 NaN
e 16 4 NaN
e 16 5 NaN
e 16 6 NaN
e 17 15 NaN
e 1 6 NaN
e 1 18 NaN
e 18 12 NaN
e 19 10 NaN
e 14 8 NaN
e 0 20 NaN
e 1 20 NaN
e 2 26 NaN
e 3 20 NaN
e 20 4 NaN
e 20 5 NaN
e 20 6 NaN
e 0 21 NaN
e 1 21 NaN
e 2 21 NaN
e 3 21 NaN
e 21 4 NaN
e 21 5 NaN
e 21 6 NaN
e 0 22 NaN
e 1 22 NaN
e 2 102 NaN
e 3 22 NaN
e 22 4 NaN
e 22 5 NaN
e 22 6 NaN
e 0 25 NaN
e 1 23 NaN
e 2 23 NaN
e 3 24 NaN
e 23 4 NaN
e 23 5 NaN
e 23 6 NaN
e 24 23 NaN
e 1 24 NaN
e 25 23 NaN
e 25 24 NaN
e 26 20 NaN
e 19 7 NaN
e 27 15 NaN
e 12 8 NaN
e 28 14 NaN
e 9 19 NaN
e 0 29 NaN
e 1 29 NaN
e 2 29 NaN
e 3 29 NaN
e 29 4 NaN
e 29 5 NaN
e 29 6 NaN
e 0 30 NaN
e 1 30 NaN
e 2 30 NaN
e 3 30 NaN
e 30 4 NaN
e 30 5 NaN
e 30 6 NaN
e 0 31 NaN
e 1 31 NaN
e 2 31 NaN
e 3 31 NaN
e 31 4 NaN
e 31 5 NaN
e 31 6 NaN
e 0 33 NaN
e 1 32 NaN
e 2 32 NaN
e 3 32 NaN
e 32 4 NaN
e 32 5 NaN
e 32 6 NaN
e 33 32 NaN
e 0 34 NaN
e 1 34 NaN
e 2 34 NaN
e 3 34 NaN
e 34 4 NaN
e 34 5 NaN
e 34 6 NaN
e 0 35 NaN
e 1 35 NaN
e 2 35 NaN
e 3 35 NaN
e 35 4 NaN
e 35 5 NaN
e 35 6 NaN
e 0 36 NaN
e 1 36 NaN
e 2 36 NaN
e 3 39 NaN
e 36 4 NaN
e 36 38 NaN
e 36 6 NaN
e 0 37 NaN
e 1 37 NaN
e 2 37 NaN
e 3 37 NaN
e 37 4 NaN
e 37 5 NaN
e 37 6 NaN
e 38 40 NaN
e 39 36 NaN
e 36 37 NaN
e 3 38 NaN
e 40 5 NaN
e 0 41 NaN
e 1 41 NaN
e 2 41 NaN
e 3 41 NaN
e 41 4 NaN
e 41 5 NaN
e 41 6 NaN
e 0 42 NaN
e 1 42 NaN
e 2 42 NaN
e 3 46 NaN
e 42 4 NaN
e 42 45 NaN
e 42 6 NaN
e 0 43 NaN
e 1 49 NaN
e 2 43 NaN
e 3 43 NaN
e 43 4 NaN
e 43 5 NaN
e 43 6 NaN
e 0 44 NaN
e 1 44 NaN
e 2 44 NaN
e 3 44 NaN
e 44 4 NaN
e 44 50 NaN
e 44 47 NaN
e 45 5 NaN
e 46 42 NaN
e 47 6 NaN
e 48 5 NaN
e 0 4 NaN
e 49 43 NaN
e 50 48 NaN
e 0 51 NaN
e 1 51 NaN
e 2 51 NaN
e 3 51 NaN
e 51 4 NaN
e 51 5 NaN
e 51 6 NaN
e 0 52 NaN
e 1 52 NaN
e 2 52 NaN
e 3 52 NaN
e 52 4 NaN
e 52 5 NaN
e 52 6 NaN
e 0 53 NaN
e 1 53 NaN
e 2 53 NaN
e 3 53 NaN
e 53 4 NaN
e 53 5 NaN
e 53 6 NaN
e 0 54 NaN
e 1 54 NaN
e 2 54 NaN
e 3 54 NaN
e 54 4 NaN
e 54 5 NaN
e 54 6 NaN
e 54 51 NaN
e 0 55 NaN
e 1 55 NaN
e 2 55 NaN
e 3 55 NaN
e 55 4 NaN
e 55 5 NaN
e 55 6 NaN
e 0 56 NaN
e 1 56 NaN
e 2 56 NaN
e 3 56 NaN
e 56 4 NaN
e 56 5 NaN
e 56 6 NaN
e 0 57 NaN
e 1 57 NaN
e 2 57 NaN
e 3 57 NaN
e 57 4 NaN
e 57 5 NaN
e 57 6 NaN
e 0 58 NaN
e 1 58 NaN
e 2 58 NaN
e 3 58 NaN
e 58 4 NaN
e 58 5 NaN
e 58 6 NaN
e 0 59 NaN
e 1 59 NaN
e 2 100 NaN
e 3 63 NaN
e 59 4 NaN
e 59 5 NaN
e 59 6 NaN
e 0 60 NaN
e 1 60 NaN
e 2 60 NaN
e 3 60 NaN
e 60 69 NaN
e 60 5 NaN
e 60 6 NaN
e 0 61 NaN
e 1 61 NaN
e 2 61 NaN
e 3 61 NaN
e 61 4 NaN
e 61 5 NaN
e 61 6 NaN
e 0 62 NaN
e 1 62 NaN
e 2 62 NaN
e 3 62 NaN
e 62 4 NaN
e 62 5 NaN
e 62 6 NaN
e 63 59 NaN
e 0 64 NaN
e 1 64 NaN
e 2 64 NaN
e 3 101 NaN
e 64 4 NaN
e 64 5 NaN
e 64 6 NaN
e 0 65 NaN
e 1 65 NaN
e 2 65 NaN
e 3 65 NaN
e 65 4 NaN
e 65 5 NaN
e 65 6 NaN
e 0 66 NaN
e 1 66 NaN
e 2 66 NaN
e 3 66 NaN
e 66 4 NaN
e 66 5 NaN
e 66 6 NaN
e 0 68 NaN
e 1 67 NaN
e 2 67 NaN
e 3 67 NaN
e 67 4 NaN
e 67 5 NaN
e 67 6 NaN
e 68 67 NaN
e 69 4 NaN
e 2 68 NaN
e 0 70 NaN
e 1 70 NaN
e 2 70 NaN
e 3 70 NaN
e 70 4 NaN
e 70 5 NaN
e 70 6 NaN
e 0 71 NaN
e 1 71 NaN
e 2 71 NaN
e 3 71 NaN
e 71 4 NaN
e 71 5 NaN
e 71 6 NaN
e 0 72 NaN
e 1 72 NaN
e 2 72 NaN
e 3 72 NaN
e 72 4 NaN
e 72 5 NaN
e 72 6 NaN
e 0 73 NaN
e 1 73 NaN
e 2 73 NaN
e 3 73 NaN
e 73 4 NaN
e 73 5 NaN
e 73 74 NaN
e 74 6 NaN
e 0 75 NaN
e 1 75 NaN
e 2 75 NaN
e 3 75 NaN
e 75 4 NaN
e 75 5 NaN
e 75 6 NaN
e 0 76 NaN
e 1 76 NaN
e 2 76 NaN
e 3 76 NaN
e 76 4 NaN
e 76 5 NaN
e 76 6 NaN
e 0 77 NaN
e 1 77 NaN
e 2 77 NaN
e 3 77 NaN
e 77 4 NaN
e 77 5 NaN
e 77 6 NaN
e 0 78 NaN
e 1 78 NaN
e 2 78 NaN
e 3 78 NaN
e 78 4 NaN
e 78 5 NaN
e 78 6 NaN
e 0 79 NaN
e 1 79 NaN
e 2 79 NaN
e 3 79 NaN
e 79 4 NaN
e 79 5 NaN
e 79 6 NaN
e 0 80 NaN
e 1 80 NaN
e 2 80 NaN
e 3 80 NaN
e 80 4 NaN
e 80 5 NaN
e 80 6 NaN
e 0 81 NaN
e 1 81 NaN
e 2 81 NaN
e 3 81 NaN
e 81 4 NaN
e 81 5 NaN
e 81 6 NaN
e 0 82 NaN
e 1 82 NaN
e 2 82 NaN
e 3 88 NaN
e 82 83 NaN
e 82 5 NaN
e 82 6 NaN
e 83 4 NaN
e 0 84 NaN
e 1 84 NaN
e 2 84 NaN
e 3 84 NaN
e 84 4 NaN
e 84 5 NaN
e 84 6 NaN
e 0 85 NaN
e 1 85 NaN
e 2 85 NaN
e 3 85 NaN
e 85 4 NaN
e 85 5 NaN
e 85 6 NaN
e 0 86 NaN
e 1 86 NaN
e 2 86 NaN
e 3 86 NaN
e 86 4 NaN
e 86 5 NaN
e 86 6 NaN
e 0 87 NaN
e 1 87 NaN
e 2 87 NaN
e 3 87 NaN
e 87 4 NaN
e 87 5 NaN
e 87 6 NaN
e 88 82 NaN
e 0 89 NaN
e 1 89 NaN
e 2 89 NaN
e 3 89 NaN
e 89 4 NaN
e 89 5 NaN
e 89 6 NaN
e 0 90 NaN
e 1 90 NaN
e 2 90 NaN
e 3 90 NaN
e 90 4 NaN
e 90 5 NaN
e 90 6 NaN
e 0 91 NaN
e 1 91 NaN
e 2 91 NaN
e 3 91 NaN
e 91 4 NaN
e 91 5 NaN
e 91 6 NaN
e 0 92 NaN
e 1 97 NaN
e 2 92 NaN
e 3 92 NaN
e 92 4 NaN
e 92 5 NaN
e 92 6 NaN
e 0 93 NaN
e 1 93 NaN
e 2 99 NaN
e 3 93 NaN
e 93 4 NaN
e 93 5 NaN
e 93 6 NaN
e 0 94 NaN
e 1 94 NaN
e 2 94 NaN
e 3 94 NaN
e 94 4 NaN
e 94 5 NaN
e 94 6 NaN
e 0 98 NaN
e 1 95 NaN
e 2 95 NaN
e 3 95 NaN
e 95 4 NaN
e 95 5 NaN
e 95 6 NaN
e 0 96 NaN
e 1 96 NaN
e 2 96 NaN
e 3 96 NaN
e 96 4 NaN
e 96 5 NaN
e 96 6 NaN
e 97 92 NaN
e 97 68 NaN
e 98 95 NaN
e 69 96 NaN
e 76 88 NaN
e 99 93 NaN
e 88 70 NaN
e 100 59 NaN
e 72 83 NaN
e 52 74 NaN
e 3 4 NaN
e 101 64 NaN
e 102 22 NaN
e 22 99 NaN
e 0 103 NaN
e 1 103 NaN
e 2 103 NaN
e 3 103 NaN
e 103 4 NaN
e 103 5 NaN
e 103 6 NaN
e 0 104 NaN
e 1 104 NaN
e 2 104 NaN
e 3 104 NaN
e 104 4 NaN
e 104 107 NaN
e 104 6 NaN
e 0 105 NaN
e 1 105 NaN
e 2 105 NaN
e 3 105 NaN
e 105 4 NaN
e 105 141 NaN
e 105 6 NaN
e 0 106 NaN
e 1 106 NaN
e 2 106 NaN
e 3 106 NaN
e 106 4 NaN
e 106 140 NaN
e 106 6 NaN
e 107 5 NaN
e 100 6 NaN
e 0 108 NaN
e 1 119 NaN
e 2 118 NaN
e 3 108 NaN
e 108 4 NaN
e 108 5 NaN
e 108 6 NaN
e 0 109 NaN
e 1 109 NaN
e 2 117 NaN
e 3 109 NaN
e 109 116 NaN
e 109 5 NaN
e 109 6 NaN
e 0 110 NaN
e 1 110 NaN
e 2 110 NaN
e 3 110 NaN
e 110 4 NaN
e 110 5 NaN
e 110 6 NaN
e 0 113 NaN
e 1 111 NaN
e 2 111 NaN
e 3 112 NaN
e 111 4 NaN
e 111 115 NaN
e 111 6 NaN
e 112 111 NaN
e 1 112 NaN
e 113 111 NaN
e 113 112 NaN
e 114 108 NaN
e 115 5 NaN
e 116 4 NaN
e 117 109 NaN
e 3 117 NaN
e 118 114 NaN
e 119 108 NaN
e 0 120 NaN
e 1 120 NaN
e 2 132 NaN
e 3 120 NaN
e 120 138 NaN
e 120 5 NaN
e 120 6 NaN
e 0 121 NaN
e 1 121 NaN
e 2 121 NaN
e 3 121 NaN
e 121 4 NaN
e 121 5 NaN
e 121 6 NaN
e 0 139 NaN
e 1 122 NaN
e 2 122 NaN
e 3 122 NaN
e 122 4 NaN
e 122 5 NaN
e 122 6 NaN
e 0 123 NaN
e 1 123 NaN
e 2 123 NaN
e 3 123 NaN
e 123 4 NaN
e 123 5 NaN
e 123 6 NaN
e 0 124 NaN
e 1 124 NaN
e 2 124 NaN
e 3 124 NaN
e 124 4 NaN
e 124 5 NaN
e 124 6 NaN
e 0 125 NaN
e 1 125 NaN
e 2 125 NaN
e 3 129 NaN
e 125 4 NaN
e 125 128 NaN
e 125 6 NaN
e 0 126 NaN
e 1 126 NaN
e 2 126 NaN
e 3 126 NaN
e 126 4 NaN
e 126 5 NaN
e 126 6 NaN
e 0 127 NaN
e 1 127 NaN
e 2 127 NaN
e 3 127 NaN
e 127 4 NaN
e 127 131 NaN
e 127 130 NaN
e 128 5 NaN
e 129 125 NaN
e 130 6 NaN
e 131 5 NaN
e 132 120 NaN
e 122 123 NaN
e 0 133 NaN
e 1 133 NaN
e 2 133 NaN
e 3 133 NaN
e 133 4 NaN
e 133 5 NaN
e 133 6 NaN
e 0 134 NaN
e 1 134 NaN
e 2 134 NaN
e 3 134 NaN
e 134 4 NaN
e 134 5 NaN
e 134 6 NaN
e 0 135 NaN
e 1 135 NaN
e 2 135 NaN
e 3 135 NaN
e 135 4 NaN
e 135 5 NaN
e 135 6 NaN
e 0 136 NaN
e 1 136 NaN
e 2 136 NaN
e 3 136 NaN
e 136 4 NaN
e 136 5 NaN
e 136 137 NaN
e 137 6 NaN
e 3 4 NaN
e 138 4 NaN
e 139 122 NaN
e 140 5 NaN
e 141 5 NaN
