n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden gaussian
n 8 hidden tanh
n 9 hidden sine
n 10 hidden identity
n 11 hidden sigmoid
n 12 hidden sine
n 13 hidden relu
n 14 hidden relu
n 15 hidden identity
n 16 hidden identity
n 17 hidden tanh
n 18 hidden identity
n 19 hidden sigmoid
n 20 hidden tanh
n 21 hidden tanh
n 22 hidden identity
n 23 hidden tanh
n 24 hidden tanh
n 25 hidden sine
n 26 hidden relu
n 27 hidden identity
n 28 hidden gaussian
n 29 hidden relu
n 30 hidden sine
n 31 hidden tanh
n 32 hidden sigmoid
n 33 hidden sigmoid
n 34 hidden gaussian
n 35 hidden tanh
n 36 hidden tanh
n 37 hidden gaussian
n 38 hidden relu
n 39 hidden sigmoid
n 40 hidden sine
n 41 hidden tanh
n 42 hidden sigmoid
n 43 hidden relu
n 44 hidden tanh
n 45 hidden sigmoid
n 46 hidden tanh
n 47 hidden gaussian
n 48 hidden tanh
n 49 hidden tanh
n 50 hidden tanh
n 51 hidden relu
n 52 hidden tanh
n 53 hidden identity
n 54 hidden sigmoid
n 55 hidden tanh
n 56 hidden sigmoid
n 57 hidden sigmoid
n 58 hidden tanh
n 59 hidden gaussian
n 60 hidden sigmoid
n 61 hidden relu
n 62 hidden sigmoid
n 63 hidden sine
n 64 hidden identity
n 65 hidden tanh
n 66 hidden sine
n 67 hidden sine
n 68 hidden relu
n 69 hidden identity
n 70 hidden gaussian
n 71 hidden sigmoid
n 72 hidden tanh
n 73 hidden identity
n 74 hidden identity
n 75 hidden relu
n 76 hidden tanh
n 77 hidden sigmoid
n 78 hidden sigmoid
n 79 hidden relu
n 80 hidden relu
n 81 hidden tanh
n 82 hidden sine
n 83 hidden sine
n 84 hidden sigmoid
n 85 hidden sigmoid
n 86 hidden sigmoid
n 87 hidden sine
n 88 hidden identity
n 89 hidden tanh
n 90 hidden relu
n 91 hidden tanh
n 92 hidden gaussian
n 93 hidden tanh
n 94 hidden gaussian
n 95 hidden gaussian
n 96 hidden tanh
n 97 hidden gaussian
n 98 hidden sigmoid
n 99 hidden sigmoid
n 100 hidden tanh
n 101 hidden tanh
n 102 hidden tanh
n 103 hidden relu
n 104 hidden identity
n 105 hidden tanh
n 106 hidden tanh
n 107 hidden tanh
n 108 hidden tanh
n 109 hidden identity
n 110 hidden sigmoid
n 111 hidden sigmoid
n 112 hidden tanh
n 113 hidden gaussian
n 114 hidden relu
n 115 hidden identity
n 116 hidden gaussian
n 117 hidden sine
n 118 hidden identity
n 119 hidden tanh
n 120 hidden relu
n 121 hidden relu
n 122 hidden tanh
n 123 hidden sigmoid
n 124 hidden relu
n 125 hidden sine
n 126 hidden gaussian
n 127 hidden sigmoid
n 128 hidden gaussian
n 129 hidden gaussian
n 130 hidden sigmoid
n 131 hidden identity
n 132 hidden identity
n 133 hidden sigmoid
n 134 hidden identity
n 135 hidden tanh
n 136 hidden gaussian
n 137 hidden relu
n 138 hidden relu
n 139 hidden sigmoid
n 140 hidden relu
n 141 hidden sigmoid
n 142 hidden sigmoid
n 143 hidden relu
n 144 hidden identity
n 145 hidden sigmoid
n 146 hidden tanh
n 147 hidden sine
n 148 hidden sigmoid
n 149 hidden identity
n 150 hidden gaussian
n 151 hidden relu
n 152 hidden identity
n 153 hidden gaussian
n 154 hidden sine
n 155 hidden identity
n 156 hidden relu
n 157 hidden sine
n 158 hidden gaussian
n 159 hidden identity
n 160 hidden relu
n 161 hidden relu
n 162 hidden identity
n 163 hidden sigmoid
n 164 hidden relu
n 165 hidden sine
n 166 hidden gaussian
n 167 hidden sigmoid
n 168 hidden gaussian
n 169 hidden gaussian
n 170 hidden sigmoid
n 171 hidden identity
n 172 hidden identity
n 173 hidden sigmoid
n 174 hidden identity
n 175 hidden tanh
n 176 hidden gaussian
n 177 hidden relu
n 178 hidden relu
n 179 hidden sigmoid
n 180 hidden relu
n 181 hidden sigmoid
n 182 hidden sigmoid
n 183 hidden relu
n 184 hidden identity
n 185 hidden sigmoid
n 186 hidden tanh
n 187 hidden sine
n 188 hidden sigmoid
n 189 hidden identity
n 190 hidden gaussian
n 191 hidden relu
n 192 hidden identity
n 193 hidden gaussian
n 194 hidden sine
n 195 hidden identity
n 196 hidden relu
n 197 hidden sine
n 198 hidden gaussian
n 199 hidden identity
n 200 hidden relu
n 201 hidden relu
n 202 hidden sigmoid
e 0 7 NaN
e 1 7 NaN
e 2 7 NaN
e 3 7 NaN
e 7 4 NaN
e 7 5 NaN
e 7 6 NaN
e 0 8 NaN
e 1 8 NaN
e 2 8 NaN
e 3 8 NaN
e 8 4 NaN
e 8 5 NaN
e 8 6 NaN
e 0 9 NaN
e 1 9 NaN
e 2 9 NaN
e 3 9 NaN
e 9 4 NaN
e 9 5 NaN
e 9 6 NaN
e 0 10 NaN
e 1 10 NaN
e 2 10 NaN
e 3 10 NaN
e 10 4 NaN
e 10 5 NaN
e 10 6 NaN
e 0 11 NaN
e 1 11 NaN
e 2 11 NaN
e 3 11 NaN
e 11 4 NaN
e 11 5 NaN
e 11 6 NaN
e 0 12 NaN
e 1 12 NaN
e 2 12 NaN
e 3 12 NaN
e 12 4 NaN
e 12 5 NaN
e 12 6 NaN
e 0 13 NaN
e 1 13 NaN
e 2 13 NaN
e 3 13 NaN
e 13 15 NaN
e 13 16 NaN
e 13 6 NaN
e 0 14 NaN
e 1 14 NaN
e 2 14 NaN
e 3 14 NaN
e 14 4 NaN
e 14 5 NaN
e 14 6 NaN
e 15 4 NaN
e 16 5 NaN
e 8 12 NaN
e 0 17 NaN
e 1 17 NaN
e 2 17 NaN
e 3 17 NaN
e 17 4 NaN
e 17 5 NaN
e 17 6 NaN
e 0 18 NaN
e 1 18 NaN
e 2 18 NaN
e 3 18 NaN
e 18 4 NaN
e 18 5 NaN
e 18 6 NaN
e 0 19 NaN
e 1 19 NaN
e 2 19 NaN
e 3 19 NaN
e 19 4 NaN
e 19 5 NaN
e 19 6 NaN
e 0 20 NaN
e 1 20 NaN
e 2 31 NaN
e 3 20 NaN
e 20 4 NaN
e 20 5 NaN
e 20 6 NaN
e 0 21 NaN
e 1 21 NaN
e 2 21 NaN
e 3 21 NaN
e 21 4 NaN
e 21 5 NaN
e 21 6 NaN
e 0 22 NaN
e 1 25 NaN
e 2 22 NaN
e 3 22 NaN
e 22 4 NaN
e 22 5 NaN
e 22 6 NaN
e 0 23 NaN
e 1 23 NaN
e 2 23 NaN
e 3 23 NaN
e 23 4 NaN
e 23 5 NaN
e 23 6 NaN
e 0 24 NaN
e 1 24 NaN
e 2 24 NaN
e 3 24 NaN
e 24 4 NaN
e 24 5 NaN
e 24 6 NaN
e 25 22 NaN
e 0 26 NaN
e 1 26 NaN
e 2 26 NaN
e 3 26 NaN
e 26 4 NaN
e 26 5 NaN
e 26 6 NaN
e 0 27 NaN
e 1 27 NaN
e 2 27 NaN
e 3 27 NaN
e 27 4 NaN
e 27 5 NaN
e 27 6 NaN
e 0 28 NaN
e 1 30 NaN
e 2 28 NaN
e 3 28 NaN
e 28 4 NaN
e 28 5 NaN
e 28 6 NaN
e 0 29 NaN
e 1 29 NaN
e 2 29 NaN
e 3 29 NaN
e 29 162 NaN
e 29 5 NaN
e 29 6 NaN
e 30 28 NaN
e 26 28 NaN
e 9 24 NaN
e 31 20 NaN
e 9 30 NaN
e 27 18 NaN
e 0 32 NaN
e 1 32 NaN
e 2 32 NaN
e 3 36 NaN
e 32 4 NaN
e 32 5 NaN
e 32 6 NaN
e 0 33 NaN
e 1 33 NaN
e 2 33 NaN
e 3 33 NaN
e 33 42 NaN
e 33 5 NaN
e 33 6 NaN
e 0 34 NaN
e 1 34 NaN
e 2 34 NaN
e 3 34 NaN
e 34 4 NaN
e 34 5 NaN
e 34 6 NaN
e 0 35 NaN
e 1 35 NaN
e 2 35 NaN
e 3 35 NaN
e 35 4 NaN
e 35 5 NaN
e 35 6 NaN
e 36 32 NaN
e 0 37 NaN
e 1 37 NaN
e 2 37 NaN
e 3 37 NaN
e 37 4 NaN
e 37 5 NaN
e 37 6 NaN
e 0 38 NaN
e 1 38 NaN
e 2 38 NaN
e 3 38 NaN
e 38 4 NaN
e 38 5 NaN
e 38 6 NaN
e 0 39 NaN
e 1 39 NaN
e 2 39 NaN
e 3 39 NaN
e 39 4 NaN
e 39 5 NaN
e 39 6 NaN
e 0 41 NaN
e 1 40 NaN
e 2 40 NaN
e 3 40 NaN
e 40 4 NaN
e 40 5 NaN
e 40 6 NaN
e 41 40 NaN
e 42 4 NaN
e 2 41 NaN
e 0 43 NaN
e 1 43 NaN
e 2 43 NaN
e 3 43 NaN
e 43 4 NaN
e 43 5 NaN
e 43 6 NaN
e 0 71 NaN
e 1 44 NaN
e 2 44 NaN
e 3 44 NaN
e 44 4 NaN
e 44 5 NaN
e 44 6 NaN
e 0 45 NaN
e 1 45 NaN
e 2 45 NaN
e 3 45 NaN
e 45 4 NaN
e 45 5 NaN
e 45 6 NaN
e 0 46 NaN
e 1 46 NaN
e 2 46 NaN
e 3 46 NaN
e 46 4 NaN
e 46 5 NaN
e 46 47 NaN
e 47 6 NaN
e 0 48 NaN
e 1 48 NaN
e 2 48 NaN
e 3 48 NaN
e 48 4 NaN
e 48 5 NaN
e 48 6 NaN
e 0 49 NaN
e 1 49 NaN
e 2 49 NaN
e 3 49 NaN
e 49 4 NaN
e 49 5 NaN
e 49 6 NaN
e 0 50 NaN
e 1 50 NaN
e 2 50 NaN
e 3 50 NaN
e 50 4 NaN
e 50 5 NaN
e 50 6 NaN
e 0 51 NaN
e 1 51 NaN
e 2 51 NaN
e 3 51 NaN
e 51 4 NaN
e 51 5 NaN
e 51 6 NaN
e 0 52 NaN
e 1 52 NaN
e 2 52 NaN
e 3 52 NaN
e 52 4 NaN
e 52 5 NaN
e 52 6 NaN
e 0 53 NaN
e 1 53 NaN
e 2 53 NaN
e 3 53 NaN
e 53 4 NaN
e 53 5 NaN
e 53 6 NaN
e 0 54 NaN
e 1 54 NaN
e 2 54 NaN
e 3 54 NaN
e 54 4 NaN
e 54 5 NaN
e 54 6 NaN
e 0 55 NaN
e 1 55 NaN
e 2 55 NaN
e 3 61 NaN
e 55 56 NaN
e 55 5 NaN
e 55 6 NaN
e 56 4 NaN
e 0 57 NaN
e 1 57 NaN
e 2 57 NaN
e 3 57 NaN
e 57 4 NaN
e 57 5 NaN
e 57 6 NaN
e 0 58 NaN
e 1 58 NaN
e 2 58 NaN
e 3 58 NaN
e 58 4 NaN
e 58 5 NaN
e 58 6 NaN
e 0 59 NaN
e 1 59 NaN
e 2 59 NaN
e 3 59 NaN
e 59 4 NaN
e 59 5 NaN
e 59 6 NaN
e 0 60 NaN
e 1 60 NaN
e 2 60 NaN
e 3 60 NaN
e 60 4 NaN
e 60 5 NaN
e 60 6 NaN
e 61 55 NaN
e 0 62 NaN
e 1 62 NaN
e 2 62 NaN
e 3 62 NaN
e 62 4 NaN
e 62 5 NaN
e 62 6 NaN
e 0 63 NaN
e 1 122 NaN
e 2 63 NaN
e 3 63 NaN
e 63 4 NaN
e 63 5 NaN
e 63 6 NaN
e 0 64 NaN
e 1 64 NaN
e 2 64 NaN
e 3 64 NaN
e 64 4 NaN
e 64 5 NaN
e 64 6 NaN
e 0 65 NaN
e 1 70 NaN
e 2 65 NaN
e 3 65 NaN
e 65 4 NaN
e 65 5 NaN
e 65 6 NaN
e 0 66 NaN
e 1 66 NaN
e 2 66 NaN
e 3 66 NaN
e 66 4 NaN
e 66 5 NaN
e 66 6 NaN
e 0 67 NaN
e 1 67 NaN
e 2 67 NaN
e 3 67 NaN
e 67 4 NaN
e 67 5 NaN
e 67 6 NaN
e 0 68 NaN
e 1 68 NaN
e 2 68 NaN
e 3 68 NaN
e 68 4 NaN
e 68 5 NaN
e 68 6 NaN
e 0 69 NaN
e 1 69 NaN
e 2 69 NaN
e 3 69 NaN
e 69 4 NaN
e 69 5 NaN
e 69 6 NaN
e 70 65 NaN
e 70 41 NaN
e 71 44 NaN
e 38 41 NaN
e 0 72 NaN
e 1 72 NaN
e 2 72 NaN
e 3 72 NaN
e 72 4 NaN
e 72 5 NaN
e 72 6 NaN
e 0 73 NaN
e 1 73 NaN
e 2 73 NaN
e 3 73 NaN
e 73 4 NaN
e 73 5 NaN
e 73 6 NaN
e 0 74 NaN
e 1 74 NaN
e 2 74 NaN
e 3 77 NaN
e 74 4 NaN
e 74 76 NaN
e 74 6 NaN
e 0 75 NaN
e 1 75 NaN
e 2 75 NaN
e 3 75 NaN
e 75 4 NaN
e 75 5 NaN
e 75 6 NaN
e 76 78 NaN
e 77 74 NaN
e 74 75 NaN
e 3 76 NaN
e 78 5 NaN
e 0 79 NaN
e 1 79 NaN
e 2 79 NaN
e 3 79 NaN
e 79 4 NaN
e 79 83 NaN
e 79 6 NaN
e 0 80 NaN
e 1 80 NaN
e 2 80 NaN
e 3 80 NaN
e 80 4 NaN
e 80 84 NaN
e 80 6 NaN
e 0 81 NaN
e 1 81 NaN
e 2 81 NaN
e 3 81 NaN
e 81 4 NaN
e 81 5 NaN
e 81 6 NaN
e 0 82 NaN
e 1 82 NaN
e 2 82 NaN
e 3 82 NaN
e 82 4 NaN
e 82 5 NaN
e 82 6 NaN
e 83 5 NaN
e 84 5 NaN
e 0 85 NaN
e 1 85 NaN
e 2 85 NaN
e 3 85 NaN
e 85 4 NaN
e 85 5 NaN
e 85 6 NaN
e 0 99 NaN
e 1 86 NaN
e 2 86 NaN
e 3 89 NaN
e 86 4 NaN
e 86 5 NaN
e 86 6 NaN
e 0 87 NaN
e 1 87 NaN
e 2 87 NaN
e 3 87 NaN
e 87 4 NaN
e 87 90 NaN
e 87 6 NaN
e 0 88 NaN
e 1 88 NaN
e 2 88 NaN
e 3 88 NaN
e 88 4 NaN
e 88 5 NaN
e 88 6 NaN
e 89 86 NaN
e 90 5 NaN
e 89 90 NaN
e 0 91 NaN
e 1 91 NaN
e 2 91 NaN
e 3 91 NaN
e 91 4 NaN
e 91 5 NaN
e 91 96 NaN
e 0 97 NaN
e 1 92 NaN
e 2 92 NaN
e 3 92 NaN
e 92 98 NaN
e 92 5 NaN
e 92 6 NaN
e 0 93 NaN
e 1 93 NaN
e 2 93 NaN
e 3 93 NaN
e 93 4 NaN
e 93 5 NaN
e 93 95 NaN
e 0 94 NaN
e 1 94 NaN
e 2 94 NaN
e 3 94 NaN
e 94 4 NaN
e 94 5 NaN
e 94 6 NaN
e 95 6 NaN
e 94 92 NaN
e 96 6 NaN
e 97 92 NaN
e 90 93 NaN
e 98 4 NaN
e 99 86 NaN
e 0 100 NaN
e 1 100 NaN
e 2 100 NaN
e 3 120 NaN
e 100 4 NaN
e 100 104 NaN
e 100 105 NaN
e 0 101 NaN
e 1 101 NaN
e 2 101 NaN
e 3 101 NaN
e 101 4 NaN
e 101 5 NaN
e 101 6 NaN
e 0 102 NaN
e 1 102 NaN
e 2 102 NaN
e 3 102 NaN
e 102 4 NaN
e 102 5 NaN
e 102 6 NaN
e 0 103 NaN
e 1 103 NaN
e 2 103 NaN
e 3 121 NaN
e 103 4 NaN
e 103 5 NaN
e 103 106 NaN
e 104 5 NaN
e 105 6 NaN
e 97 105 NaN
e 106 6 NaN
e 0 107 NaN
e 1 107 NaN
e 2 107 NaN
e 3 107 NaN
e 107 4 NaN
e 107 5 NaN
e 107 6 NaN
e 0 108 NaN
e 1 108 NaN
e 2 112 NaN
e 3 108 NaN
e 108 4 NaN
e 108 5 NaN
e 108 6 NaN
e 0 109 NaN
e 1 109 NaN
e 2 109 NaN
e 3 109 NaN
e 109 4 NaN
e 109 5 NaN
e 109 6 NaN
e 0 111 NaN
e 1 110 NaN
e 2 110 NaN
e 3 110 NaN
e 110 4 NaN
e 110 5 NaN
e 110 6 NaN
e 111 110 NaN
e 112 108 NaN
e 112 107 NaN
e 0 113 NaN
e 1 113 NaN
e 2 113 NaN
e 3 113 NaN
e 113 4 NaN
e 113 5 NaN
e 113 6 NaN
e 0 114 NaN
e 1 114 NaN
e 2 114 NaN
e 3 114 NaN
e 114 4 NaN
e 114 119 NaN
e 114 6 NaN
e 0 115 NaN
e 1 115 NaN
e 2 115 NaN
e 3 117 NaN
e 115 4 NaN
e 115 5 NaN
e 115 6 NaN
e 0 116 NaN
e 1 116 NaN
e 2 116 NaN
e 3 116 NaN
e 116 4 NaN
e 116 5 NaN
e 116 6 NaN
e 117 115 NaN
e 0 118 NaN
e 118 6 NaN
e 119 5 NaN
e 109 118 NaN
e 120 100 NaN
e 121 103 NaN
e 122 63 NaN
e 102 75 NaN
e 0 123 NaN
e 1 123 NaN
e 2 123 NaN
e 3 123 NaN
e 123 4 NaN
e 123 5 NaN
e 123 127 NaN
e 0 124 NaN
e 1 124 NaN
e 2 124 NaN
e 3 124 NaN
e 124 4 NaN
e 124 148 NaN
e 124 6 NaN
e 0 125 NaN
e 1 125 NaN
e 2 125 NaN
e 3 145 NaN
e 125 4 NaN
e 125 5 NaN
e 125 6 NaN
e 0 126 NaN
e 1 126 NaN
e 2 126 NaN
e 3 126 NaN
e 126 4 NaN
e 126 5 NaN
e 126 6 NaN
e 127 6 NaN
e 0 128 NaN
e 1 128 NaN
e 2 128 NaN
e 3 128 NaN
e 128 4 NaN
e 128 5 NaN
e 128 6 NaN
e 0 129 NaN
e 1 129 NaN
e 2 146 NaN
e 3 129 NaN
e 129 4 NaN
e 129 5 NaN
e 129 6 NaN
e 0 133 NaN
e 1 130 NaN
e 2 130 NaN
e 3 130 NaN
e 130 4 NaN
e 130 5 NaN
e 130 132 NaN
e 0 131 NaN
e 1 131 NaN
e 2 131 NaN
e 3 149 NaN
e 131 4 NaN
e 131 5 NaN
e 131 6 NaN
e 132 6 NaN
e 133 130 NaN
e 0 134 NaN
e 1 134 NaN
e 2 134 NaN
e 3 134 NaN
e 134 4 NaN
e 134 5 NaN
e 134 6 NaN
e 0 135 NaN
e 1 135 NaN
e 2 135 NaN
e 3 135 NaN
e 135 4 NaN
e 135 5 NaN
e 135 6 NaN
e 0 136 NaN
e 1 136 NaN
e 2 138 NaN
e 3 136 NaN
e 136 4 NaN
e 136 5 NaN
e 136 6 NaN
e 0 137 NaN
e 1 137 NaN
e 2 137 NaN
e 3 137 NaN
e 137 4 NaN
e 137 5 NaN
e 137 139 NaN
e 138 136 NaN
e 139 6 NaN
e 0 140 NaN
e 1 147 NaN
e 2 140 NaN
e 3 140 NaN
e 140 4 NaN
e 140 5 NaN
e 140 6 NaN
e 0 141 NaN
e 1 141 NaN
e 2 141 NaN
e 3 141 NaN
e 141 4 NaN
e 141 5 NaN
e 141 6 NaN
e 0 142 NaN
e 1 142 NaN
e 2 142 NaN
e 3 142 NaN
e 142 4 NaN
e 142 5 NaN
e 142 6 NaN
e 0 143 NaN
e 1 143 NaN
e 2 143 NaN
e 3 143 NaN
e 143 144 NaN
e 143 5 NaN
e 143 6 NaN
e 144 4 NaN
e 145 125 NaN
e 146 129 NaN
e 147 140 NaN
e 148 5 NaN
e 149 131 NaN
e 143 149 NaN
e 0 150 NaN
e 1 155 NaN
e 2 150 NaN
e 3 150 NaN
e 150 4 NaN
e 150 5 NaN
e 150 6 NaN
e 0 151 NaN
e 1 151 NaN
e 2 151 NaN
e 3 151 NaN
e 151 4 NaN
e 151 5 NaN
e 151 6 NaN
e 0 152 NaN
e 1 152 NaN
e 2 152 NaN
e 3 154 NaN
e 152 4 NaN
e 152 5 NaN
e 152 6 NaN
e 0 153 NaN
e 1 153 NaN
e 2 153 NaN
e 3 153 NaN
e 153 4 NaN
e 153 5 NaN
e 153 6 NaN
e 154 152 NaN
e 0 6 NaN
e 155 150 NaN
e 155 152 NaN
e 2 161 NaN
e 0 156 NaN
e 1 156 NaN
e 2 156 NaN
e 3 156 NaN
e 156 4 NaN
e 156 5 NaN
e 156 6 NaN
e 0 157 NaN
e 1 157 NaN
e 2 157 NaN
e 3 157 NaN
e 157 4 NaN
e 157 160 NaN
e 157 6 NaN
e 0 158 NaN
e 1 158 NaN
e 2 158 NaN
e 3 158 NaN
e 158 4 NaN
e 158 5 NaN
e 158 6 NaN
e 0 159 NaN
e 1 159 NaN
e 2 159 NaN
e 3 159 NaN
e 159 4 NaN
e 159 5 NaN
e 159 6 NaN
e 160 5 NaN
e 153 6 NaN
e 161 155 NaN
e 162 4 NaN
e 88 35 NaN
e 0 163 NaN
e 1 163 NaN
e 2 163 NaN
e 3 163 NaN
e 163 4 NaN
e 163 5 NaN
e 163 167 NaN
e 0 164 NaN
e 1 164 NaN
e 2 164 NaN
e 3 164 NaN
e 164 4 NaN
e 164 188 NaN
e 164 6 NaN
e 0 165 NaN
e 1 165 NaN
e 2 165 NaN
e 3 185 NaN
e 165 4 NaN
e 165 5 NaN
e 165 6 NaN
e 0 166 NaN
e 1 166 NaN
e 2 166 NaN
e 3 166 NaN
e 166 4 NaN
e 166 5 NaN
e 166 6 NaN
e 167 6 NaN
e 0 168 NaN
e 1 168 NaN
e 2 168 NaN
e 3 168 NaN
e 168 4 NaN
e 168 5 NaN
e 168 6 NaN
e 0 169 NaN
e 1 169 NaN
e 2 186 NaN
e 3 169 NaN
e 169 4 NaN
e 169 5 NaN
e 169 6 NaN
e 0 173 NaN
e 1 170 NaN
e 2 170 NaN
e 3 170 NaN
e 170 4 NaN
e 170 5 NaN
e 170 172 NaN
e 0 171 NaN
e 1 171 NaN
e 2 171 NaN
e 3 189 NaN
e 171 4 NaN
e 171 5 NaN
e 171 6 NaN
e 172 6 NaN
e 173 170 NaN
e 0 174 NaN
e 1 174 NaN
e 2 174 NaN
e 3 174 NaN
e 174 4 NaN
e 174 5 NaN
e 174 6 NaN
e 0 175 NaN
e 1 175 NaN
e 2 175 NaN
e 3 175 NaN
e 175 4 NaN
e 175 5 NaN
e 175 6 NaN
e 0 176 NaN
e 1 176 NaN
e 2 178 NaN
e 3 176 NaN
e 176 4 NaN
e 176 5 NaN
e 176 6 NaN
e 0 177 NaN
e 1 177 NaN
e 2 177 NaN
e 3 177 NaN
e 177 4 NaN
e 177 5 NaN
e 177 179 NaN
e 178 176 NaN
e 179 6 NaN
e 0 180 NaN
e 1 187 NaN
e 2 180 NaN
e 3 180 NaN
e 180 4 NaN
e 180 5 NaN
e 180 6 NaN
e 0 181 NaN
e 1 181 NaN
e 2 181 NaN
e 3 181 NaN
e 181 4 NaN
e 181 5 NaN
e 181 6 NaN
e 0 182 NaN
e 1 182 NaN
e 2 182 NaN
e 3 182 NaN
e 182 4 NaN
e 182 5 NaN
e 182 6 NaN
e 0 183 NaN
e 1 183 NaN
e 2 183 NaN
e 3 183 NaN
e 183 184 NaN
e 183 5 NaN
e 183 6 NaN
e 184 4 NaN
e 185 165 NaN
e 186 169 NaN
e 187 180 NaN
e 188 5 NaN
e 189 171 NaN
e 183 189 NaN
e 0 190 NaN
e 1 195 NaN
e 2 190 NaN
e 3 190 NaN
e 190 4 NaN
e 190 5 NaN
e 190 6 NaN
e 0 191 NaN
e 1 191 NaN
e 2 191 NaN
e 3 191 NaN
e 191 4 NaN
e 191 5 NaN
e 191 6 NaN
e 0 192 NaN
e 1 192 NaN
e 2 192 NaN
e 3 194 NaN
e 192 4 NaN
e 192 5 NaN
e 192 6 NaN
e 0 193 NaN
e 1 193 NaN
e 2 193 NaN
e 3 193 NaN
e 193 4 NaN
e 193 5 NaN
e 193 6 NaN
e 194 192 NaN
e 0 6 NaN
e 195 190 NaN
e 195 192 NaN
e 2 201 NaN
e 0 196 NaN
e 1 196 NaN
e 2 196 NaN
e 3 196 NaN
e 196 4 NaN
e 196 202 NaN
e 196 6 NaN
e 0 197 NaN
e 1 197 NaN
e 2 197 NaN
e 3 197 NaN
e 197 4 NaN
e 197 200 NaN
e 197 6 NaN
e 0 198 NaN
e 1 198 NaN
e 2 198 NaN
e 3 198 NaN
e 198 4 NaN
e 198 5 NaN
e 198 6 NaN
e 0 199 NaN
e 1 199 NaN
e 2 199 NaN
e 3 199 NaN
e 199 4 NaN
e 199 5 NaN
e 199 6 NaN
e 200 5 NaN
e 193 6 NaN
e 201 195 NaN
e 176 165 NaN
e 202 5 NaN
e 185 182 NaN
e 110 156 0.205935
