n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden tanh
n 8 hidden identity
n 9 hidden identity
n 10 hidden relu
n 11 hidden tanh
n 12 hidden sigmoid
n 13 hidden sigmoid
n 14 hidden sigmoid
n 15 hidden sine
n 16 hidden gaussian
n 17 hidden tanh
n 18 hidden sigmoid
n 19 hidden tanh
n 20 hidden tanh
n 21 hidden tanh
n 22 hidden tanh
n 23 hidden relu
n 24 hidden sine
n 25 hidden sine
n 26 hidden sigmoid
n 27 hidden sine
n 28 hidden relu
n 29 hidden sine
n 30 hidden sine
n 31 hidden relu
n 32 hidden tanh
n 33 hidden gaussian
n 34 hidden relu
n 35 hidden relu
n 36 hidden sigmoid
n 37 hidden sigmoid
n 38 hidden gaussian
n 39 hidden tanh
n 40 hidden tanh
n 41 hidden gaussian
n 42 hidden relu
n 43 hidden sigmoid
n 44 hidden sine
n 45 hidden tanh
n 46 hidden sigmoid
n 47 hidden relu
n 48 hidden tanh
n 49 hidden sigmoid
n 50 hidden tanh
n 51 hidden gaussian
n 52 hidden tanh
n 53 hidden tanh
n 54 hidden tanh
n 55 hidden relu
n 56 hidden tanh
n 57 hidden identity
n 58 hidden sigmoid
n 59 hidden tanh
n 60 hidden sigmoid
n 61 hidden sigmoid
n 62 hidden tanh
n 63 hidden gaussian
n 64 hidden sigmoid
n 65 hidden relu
n 66 hidden sigmoid
n 67 hidden sine
n 68 hidden identity
n 69 hidden tanh
n 70 hidden sine
n 71 hidden sine
n 72 hidden relu
n 73 hidden identity
n 74 hidden gaussian
n 75 hidden identity
n 76 hidden gaussian
n 77 hidden gaussian
n 78 hidden sine
n 79 hidden gaussian
n 80 hidden tanh
n 81 hidden sine
n 82 hidden identity
n 83 hidden sigmoid
n 84 hidden sine
n 85 hidden relu
n 86 hidden relu
n 87 hidden identity
n 88 hidden identity
n 89 hidden tanh
n 90 hidden identity
n 91 hidden sigmoid
n 92 hidden tanh
n 93 hidden tanh
n 94 hidden identity
n 95 hidden tanh
n 96 hidden tanh
n 97 hidden sine
n 98 hidden relu
n 99 hidden identity
n 100 hidden gaussian
n 101 hidden relu
n 102 hidden sine
n 103 hidden tanh
n 104 hidden sigmoid
n 105 hidden sigmoid
n 106 hidden gaussian
n 107 hidden tanh
n 108 hidden tanh
n 109 hidden gaussian
n 110 hidden relu
n 111 hidden sigmoid
n 112 hidden sine
n 113 hidden tanh
n 114 hidden sigmoid
n 115 hidden relu
n 116 hidden tanh
n 117 hidden sigmoid
n 118 hidden tanh
n 119 hidden gaussian
n 120 hidden tanh
n 121 hidden tanh
n 122 hidden tanh
n 123 hidden relu
n 124 hidden tanh
n 125 hidden identity
n 126 hidden sigmoid
n 127 hidden tanh
n 128 hidden sigmoid
n 129 hidden sigmoid
n 130 hidden tanh
n 131 hidden gaussian
n 132 hidden sigmoid
n 133 hidden relu
n 134 hidden sigmoid
n 135 hidden sine
n 136 hidden identity
n 137 hidden tanh
n 138 hidden sine
n 139 hidden sine
n 140 hidden relu
n 141 hidden identity
n 142 hidden gaussian
n 143 hidden sigmoid
n 144 hidden tanh
n 145 hidden identity
n 146 hidden identity
n 147 hidden relu
n 148 hidden tanh
n 149 hidden sigmoid
n 150 hidden sigmoid
n 151 hidden relu
n 152 hidden relu
n 153 hidden tanh
n 154 hidden sine
n 155 hidden sine
n 156 hidden sigmoid
n 157 hidden sigmoid
n 158 hidden sigmoid
n 159 hidden sine
n 160 hidden identity
n 161 hidden tanh
n 162 hidden relu
n 163 hidden tanh
n 164 hidden gaussian
n 165 hidden tanh
n 166 hidden gaussian
n 167 hidden gaussian
n 168 hidden tanh
n 169 hidden gaussian
n 170 hidden sigmoid
n 171 hidden sigmoid
n 172 hidden tanh
n 173 hidden tanh
n 174 hidden tanh
n 175 hidden relu
n 176 hidden identity
n 177 hidden tanh
n 178 hidden tanh
n 179 hidden tanh
n 180 hidden tanh
n 181 hidden identity
n 182 hidden sigmoid
n 183 hidden sigmoid
n 184 hidden tanh
n 185 hidden gaussian
n 186 hidden relu
n 187 hidden identity
n 188 hidden gaussian
n 189 hidden sine
n 190 hidden identity
n 191 hidden tanh
n 192 hidden relu
n 193 hidden relu
n 194 hidden tanh
n 195 hidden sigmoid
n 196 hidden relu
n 197 hidden sine
n 198 hidden gaussian
n 199 hidden sigmoid
n 200 hidden gaussian
n 201 hidden gaussian
n 202 hidden sigmoid
n 203 hidden identity
n 204 hidden identity
n 205 hidden sigmoid
n 206 hidden identity
n 207 hidden tanh
n 208 hidden gaussian
n 209 hidden relu
n 210 hidden relu
n 211 hidden sigmoid
n 212 hidden relu
n 213 hidden sigmoid
n 214 hidden sigmoid
n 215 hidden relu
n 216 hidden identity
n 217 hidden sigmoid
n 218 hidden tanh
n 219 hidden sine
n 220 hidden sigmoid
n 221 hidden identity
n 222 hidden gaussian
n 223 hidden relu
n 224 hidden identity
n 225 hidden gaussian
n 226 hidden sine
n 227 hidden identity
n 228 hidden relu
n 229 hidden sine
n 230 hidden gaussian
n 231 hidden identity
n 232 hidden relu
n 233 hidden relu
n 234 hidden identity
e 0 7 NaN
e 1 7 NaN
e 2 7 NaN
e 3 7 NaN
e 7 4 NaN
e 7 5 NaN
e 7 6 NaN
e 0 16 NaN
e 1 8 NaN
e 2 8 NaN
e 3 8 NaN
e 8 4 NaN
e 8 5 NaN
e 8 6 NaN
e 0 9 NaN
e 1 9 NaN
e 2 14 NaN
e 3 12 NaN
e 9 4 NaN
e 9 11 NaN
e 9 6 NaN
e 0 10 NaN
e 1 10 NaN
e 2 10 NaN
e 3 10 NaN
e 10 4 NaN
e 10 15 NaN
e 10 6 NaN
e 11 13 NaN
e 12 9 NaN
e 9 10 NaN
e 3 11 NaN
e 13 5 NaN
e 14 9 NaN
e 2 5 NaN
e 15 5 NaN
e 16 8 NaN
e 0 17 NaN
e 1 17 NaN
e 2 17 NaN
e 3 27 NaN
e 17 4 NaN
e 17 5 NaN
e 17 6 NaN
e 0 18 NaN
e 1 18 NaN
e 2 18 NaN
e 3 22 NaN
e 18 4 NaN
e 18 21 NaN
e 18 6 NaN
e 0 19 NaN
e 1 25 NaN
e 2 19 NaN
e 3 19 NaN
e 19 4 NaN
e 19 5 NaN
e 19 6 NaN
e 0 20 NaN
e 1 20 NaN
e 2 20 NaN
e 3 20 NaN
e 20 4 NaN
e 20 26 NaN
e 20 23 NaN
e 21 5 NaN
e 22 18 NaN
e 23 6 NaN
e 24 5 NaN
e 0 4 NaN
e 25 19 NaN
e 26 24 NaN
e 27 17 NaN
e 0 28 NaN
e 1 28 NaN
e 2 28 NaN
e 3 28 NaN
e 28 4 NaN
e 28 5 NaN
e 28 6 NaN
e 0 29 NaN
e 1 29 NaN
e 2 29 NaN
e 3 29 NaN
e 29 4 NaN
e 29 5 NaN
e 29 6 NaN
e 0 30 NaN
e 1 30 NaN
e 2 30 NaN
e 3 30 NaN
e 30 4 NaN
e 30 5 NaN
e 30 6 NaN
e 0 31 NaN
e 1 31 NaN
e 2 31 NaN
e 3 31 NaN
e 31 4 NaN
e 31 5 NaN
e 31 6 NaN
e 31 28 NaN
e 0 32 NaN
e 1 32 NaN
e 2 32 NaN
e 3 32 NaN
e 32 4 NaN
e 32 5 NaN
e 32 6 NaN
e 0 33 NaN
e 1 33 NaN
e 2 33 NaN
e 3 33 NaN
e 33 4 NaN
e 33 5 NaN
e 33 6 NaN
e 0 34 NaN
e 1 34 NaN
e 2 34 NaN
e 3 34 NaN
e 34 4 NaN
e 34 5 NaN
e 34 6 NaN
e 0 35 NaN
e 1 35 NaN
e 2 35 NaN
e 3 35 NaN
e 35 4 NaN
e 35 5 NaN
e 35 6 NaN
e 0 36 NaN
e 1 36 NaN
e 2 77 NaN
e 3 40 NaN
e 36 4 NaN
e 36 5 NaN
e 36 6 NaN
e 0 37 NaN
e 1 37 NaN
e 2 37 NaN
e 3 37 NaN
e 37 46 NaN
e 37 5 NaN
e 37 6 NaN
e 0 38 NaN
e 1 38 NaN
e 2 38 NaN
e 3 38 NaN
e 38 4 NaN
e 38 5 NaN
e 38 6 NaN
e 0 39 NaN
e 1 39 NaN
e 2 39 NaN
e 3 39 NaN
e 39 4 NaN
e 39 5 NaN
e 39 6 NaN
e 40 36 NaN
e 0 41 NaN
e 1 41 NaN
e 2 41 NaN
e 3 41 NaN
e 41 4 NaN
e 41 5 NaN
e 41 6 NaN
e 0 42 NaN
e 1 42 NaN
e 2 42 NaN
e 3 42 NaN
e 42 4 NaN
e 42 5 NaN
e 42 6 NaN
e 0 43 NaN
e 1 43 NaN
e 2 43 NaN
e 3 43 NaN
e 43 4 NaN
e 43 5 NaN
e 43 6 NaN
e 0 45 NaN
e 1 44 NaN
e 2 44 NaN
e 3 44 NaN
e 44 4 NaN
e 44 5 NaN
e 44 6 NaN
e 45 44 NaN
e 46 4 NaN
e 2 45 NaN
e 0 47 NaN
e 1 47 NaN
e 2 47 NaN
e 3 47 NaN
e 47 4 NaN
e 47 5 NaN
e 47 6 NaN
e 0 48 NaN
e 1 48 NaN
e 2 48 NaN
e 3 48 NaN
e 48 4 NaN
e 48 5 NaN
e 48 6 NaN
e 0 49 NaN
e 1 49 NaN
e 2 49 NaN
e 3 49 NaN
e 49 4 NaN
e 49 5 NaN
e 49 6 NaN
e 0 50 NaN
e 1 50 NaN
e 2 50 NaN
e 3 50 NaN
e 50 4 NaN
e 50 5 NaN
e 50 51 NaN
e 51 6 NaN
e 0 52 NaN
e 1 52 NaN
e 2 52 NaN
e 3 52 NaN
e 52 4 NaN
e 52 5 NaN
e 52 6 NaN
e 0 78 NaN
e 1 53 NaN
e 2 53 NaN
e 3 53 NaN
e 53 4 NaN
e 53 5 NaN
e 53 6 NaN
e 0 54 NaN
e 1 54 NaN
e 2 54 NaN
e 3 54 NaN
e 54 4 NaN
e 54 5 NaN
e 54 6 NaN
e 0 55 NaN
e 1 55 NaN
e 2 55 NaN
e 3 55 NaN
e 55 4 NaN
e 55 5 NaN
e 55 6 NaN
e 0 56 NaN
e 1 56 NaN
e 2 56 NaN
e 3 56 NaN
e 56 4 NaN
e 56 5 NaN
e 56 6 NaN
e 0 57 NaN
e 1 57 NaN
e 2 57 NaN
e 3 57 NaN
e 57 4 NaN
e 57 5 NaN
e 57 6 NaN
e 0 58 NaN
e 1 58 NaN
e 2 58 NaN
e 3 58 NaN
e 58 4 NaN
e 58 5 NaN
e 58 6 NaN
e 0 59 NaN
e 1 59 NaN
e 2 59 NaN
e 3 65 NaN
e 59 60 NaN
e 59 5 NaN
e 59 6 NaN
e 60 4 NaN
e 0 61 NaN
e 1 61 NaN
e 2 61 NaN
e 3 61 NaN
e 61 4 NaN
e 61 5 NaN
e 61 6 NaN
e 0 62 NaN
e 1 62 NaN
e 2 62 NaN
e 3 62 NaN
e 62 4 NaN
e 62 5 NaN
e 62 6 NaN
e 0 63 NaN
e 1 63 NaN
e 2 63 NaN
e 3 63 NaN
e 63 4 NaN
e 63 5 NaN
e 63 6 NaN
e 0 64 NaN
e 1 64 NaN
e 2 64 NaN
e 3 64 NaN
e 64 4 NaN
e 64 5 NaN
e 64 6 NaN
e 65 59 NaN
e 0 66 NaN
e 1 66 NaN
e 2 66 NaN
e 3 66 NaN
e 66 4 NaN
e 66 5 NaN
e 66 6 NaN
e 0 67 NaN
e 1 67 NaN
e 2 67 NaN
e 3 67 NaN
e 67 4 NaN
e 67 5 NaN
e 67 6 NaN
e 0 68 NaN
e 1 68 NaN
e 2 68 NaN
e 3 68 NaN
e 68 4 NaN
e 68 5 NaN
e 68 6 NaN
e 0 69 NaN
e 1 74 NaN
e 2 69 NaN
e 3 69 NaN
e 69 4 NaN
e 69 5 NaN
e 69 6 NaN
e 0 70 NaN
e 1 70 NaN
e 2 76 NaN
e 3 70 NaN
e 70 4 NaN
e 70 5 NaN
e 70 6 NaN
e 0 71 NaN
e 1 71 NaN
e 2 71 NaN
e 3 71 NaN
e 71 4 NaN
e 71 5 NaN
e 71 6 NaN
e 0 75 NaN
e 1 72 NaN
e 2 72 NaN
e 3 72 NaN
e 72 4 NaN
e 72 5 NaN
e 72 6 NaN
e 0 73 NaN
e 1 73 NaN
e 2 73 NaN
e 3 73 NaN
e 73 4 NaN
e 73 5 NaN
e 73 6 NaN
e 74 69 NaN
e 74 45 NaN
e 75 72 NaN
e 46 73 NaN
e 53 65 NaN
e 76 70 NaN
e 65 47 NaN
e 77 36 NaN
e 49 60 NaN
e 29 51 NaN
e 78 53 NaN
e 0 79 NaN
e 1 79 NaN
e 2 79 NaN
e 3 79 NaN
e 79 4 NaN
e 79 5 NaN
e 79 6 NaN
e 0 80 NaN
e 1 80 NaN
e 2 80 NaN
e 3 80 NaN
e 80 4 NaN
e 80 5 NaN
e 80 6 NaN
e 0 81 NaN
e 1 81 NaN
e 2 81 NaN
e 3 81 NaN
e 81 4 NaN
e 81 5 NaN
e 81 6 NaN
e 0 82 NaN
e 1 82 NaN
e 2 82 NaN
e 3 82 NaN
e 82 4 NaN
e 82 5 NaN
e 82 6 NaN
e 0 83 NaN
e 1 83 NaN
e 2 83 NaN
e 3 83 NaN
e 83 4 NaN
e 83 5 NaN
e 83 6 NaN
e 0 84 NaN
e 1 84 NaN
e 2 84 NaN
e 3 84 NaN
e 84 4 NaN
e 84 5 NaN
e 84 6 NaN
e 0 85 NaN
e 1 85 NaN
e 2 85 NaN
e 3 85 NaN
e 85 87 NaN
e 85 88 NaN
e 85 6 NaN
e 0 86 NaN
e 1 86 NaN
e 2 86 NaN
e 3 86 NaN
e 86 4 NaN
e 86 5 NaN
e 86 6 NaN
e 87 4 NaN
e 88 5 NaN
e 80 84 NaN
e 0 89 NaN
e 1 89 NaN
e 2 89 NaN
e 3 89 NaN
e 89 4 NaN
e 89 5 NaN
e 89 6 NaN
e 0 90 NaN
e 1 90 NaN
e 2 90 NaN
e 3 90 NaN
e 90 4 NaN
e 90 5 NaN
e 90 6 NaN
e 0 91 NaN
e 1 91 NaN
e 2 91 NaN
e 3 91 NaN
e 91 4 NaN
e 91 5 NaN
e 91 6 NaN
e 0 92 NaN
e 1 92 NaN
e 2 103 NaN
e 3 92 NaN
e 92 4 NaN
e 92 5 NaN
e 92 6 NaN
e 0 93 NaN
e 1 93 NaN
e 2 93 NaN
e 3 93 NaN
e 93 4 NaN
e 93 5 NaN
e 93 6 NaN
e 0 94 NaN
e 1 97 NaN
e 2 94 NaN
e 3 94 NaN
e 94 4 NaN
e 94 5 NaN
e 94 6 NaN
e 0 95 NaN
e 1 95 NaN
e 2 95 NaN
e 3 95 NaN
e 95 4 NaN
e 95 5 NaN
e 95 6 NaN
e 0 96 NaN
e 1 96 NaN
e 2 96 NaN
e 3 96 NaN
e 96 4 NaN
e 96 5 NaN
e 96 6 NaN
e 97 94 NaN
e 0 98 NaN
e 1 98 NaN
e 2 98 NaN
e 3 98 NaN
e 98 4 NaN
e 98 5 NaN
e 98 6 NaN
e 0 99 NaN
e 1 99 NaN
e 2 99 NaN
e 3 99 NaN
e 99 4 NaN
e 99 5 NaN
e 99 6 NaN
e 0 100 NaN
e 1 102 NaN
e 2 100 NaN
e 3 100 NaN
e 100 234 NaN
e 100 5 NaN
e 100 6 NaN
e 0 101 NaN
e 1 101 NaN
e 2 101 NaN
e 3 101 NaN
e 101 4 NaN
e 101 5 NaN
e 101 6 NaN
e 102 100 NaN
e 98 100 NaN
e 81 96 NaN
e 103 92 NaN
e 81 102 NaN
e 99 90 NaN
e 0 104 NaN
e 1 104 NaN
e 2 104 NaN
e 3 108 NaN
e 104 4 NaN
e 104 5 NaN
e 104 6 NaN
e 0 105 NaN
e 1 105 NaN
e 2 105 NaN
e 3 105 NaN
e 105 114 NaN
e 105 5 NaN
e 105 6 NaN
e 0 106 NaN
e 1 106 NaN
e 2 106 NaN
e 3 106 NaN
e 106 4 NaN
e 106 5 NaN
e 106 6 NaN
e 0 107 NaN
e 1 107 NaN
e 2 107 NaN
e 3 107 NaN
e 107 4 NaN
e 107 5 NaN
e 107 6 NaN
e 108 104 NaN
e 0 109 NaN
e 1 109 NaN
e 2 109 NaN
e 3 109 NaN
e 109 4 NaN
e 109 5 NaN
e 109 6 NaN
e 0 110 NaN
e 1 110 NaN
e 2 110 NaN
e 3 110 NaN
e 110 4 NaN
e 110 5 NaN
e 110 6 NaN
e 0 111 NaN
e 1 111 NaN
e 2 111 NaN
e 3 111 NaN
e 111 4 NaN
e 111 5 NaN
e 111 6 NaN
e 0 113 NaN
e 1 112 NaN
e 2 112 NaN
e 3 112 NaN
e 112 4 NaN
e 112 5 NaN
e 112 6 NaN
e 113 112 NaN
e 114 4 NaN
e 2 113 NaN
e 0 115 NaN
e 1 115 NaN
e 2 115 NaN
e 3 115 NaN
e 115 4 NaN
e 115 5 NaN
e 115 6 NaN
e 0 143 NaN
e 1 116 NaN
e 2 116 NaN
e 3 116 NaN
e 116 4 NaN
e 116 5 NaN
e 116 6 NaN
e 0 117 NaN
e 1 117 NaN
e 2 117 NaN
e 3 117 NaN
e 117 4 NaN
e 117 5 NaN
e 117 6 NaN
e 0 118 NaN
e 1 118 NaN
e 2 118 NaN
e 3 118 NaN
e 118 4 NaN
e 118 5 NaN
e 118 119 NaN
e 119 6 NaN
e 0 120 NaN
e 1 120 NaN
e 2 120 NaN
e 3 120 NaN
e 120 4 NaN
e 120 5 NaN
e 120 6 NaN
e 0 121 NaN
e 1 121 NaN
e 2 121 NaN
e 3 121 NaN
e 121 4 NaN
e 121 5 NaN
e 121 6 NaN
e 0 122 NaN
e 1 122 NaN
e 2 122 NaN
e 3 122 NaN
e 122 4 NaN
e 122 5 NaN
e 122 6 NaN
e 0 123 NaN
e 1 123 NaN
e 2 123 NaN
e 3 123 NaN
e 123 4 NaN
e 123 5 NaN
e 123 6 NaN
e 0 124 NaN
e 1 124 NaN
e 2 124 NaN
e 3 124 NaN
e 124 4 NaN
e 124 5 NaN
e 124 6 NaN
e 0 125 NaN
e 1 125 NaN
e 2 125 NaN
e 3 125 NaN
e 125 4 NaN
e 125 5 NaN
e 125 6 NaN
e 0 126 NaN
e 1 126 NaN
e 2 126 NaN
e 3 126 NaN
e 126 4 NaN
e 126 5 NaN
e 126 6 NaN
e 0 127 NaN
e 1 127 NaN
e 2 127 NaN
e 3 133 NaN
e 127 128 NaN
e 127 5 NaN
e 127 6 NaN
e 128 4 NaN
e 0 129 NaN
e 1 129 NaN
e 2 129 NaN
e 3 129 NaN
e 129 4 NaN
e 129 5 NaN
e 129 6 NaN
e 0 130 NaN
e 1 130 NaN
e 2 130 NaN
e 3 130 NaN
e 130 4 NaN
e 130 5 NaN
e 130 6 NaN
e 0 131 NaN
e 1 131 NaN
e 2 131 NaN
e 3 131 NaN
e 131 4 NaN
e 131 5 NaN
e 131 6 NaN
e 0 132 NaN
e 1 132 NaN
e 2 132 NaN
e 3 132 NaN
e 132 4 NaN
e 132 5 NaN
e 132 6 NaN
e 133 127 NaN
e 0 134 NaN
e 1 134 NaN
e 2 134 NaN
e 3 134 NaN
e 134 4 NaN
e 134 5 NaN
e 134 6 NaN
e 0 135 NaN
e 1 194 NaN
e 2 135 NaN
e 3 135 NaN
e 135 4 NaN
e 135 5 NaN
e 135 6 NaN
e 0 136 NaN
e 1 136 NaN
e 2 136 NaN
e 3 136 NaN
e 136 4 NaN
e 136 5 NaN
e 136 6 NaN
e 0 137 NaN
e 1 142 NaN
e 2 137 NaN
e 3 137 NaN
e 137 4 NaN
e 137 5 NaN
e 137 6 NaN
e 0 138 NaN
e 1 138 NaN
e 2 138 NaN
e 3 138 NaN
e 138 4 NaN
e 138 5 NaN
e 138 6 NaN
e 0 139 NaN
e 1 139 NaN
e 2 139 NaN
e 3 139 NaN
e 139 4 NaN
e 139 5 NaN
e 139 6 NaN
e 0 140 NaN
e 1 140 NaN
e 2 140 NaN
e 3 140 NaN
e 140 4 NaN
e 140 5 NaN
e 140 6 NaN
e 0 141 NaN
e 1 141 NaN
e 2 141 NaN
e 3 141 NaN
e 141 4 NaN
e 141 5 NaN
e 141 6 NaN
e 142 137 NaN
e 142 113 NaN
e 143 116 NaN
e 110 113 NaN
e 0 144 NaN
e 1 144 NaN
e 2 144 NaN
e 3 144 NaN
e 144 4 NaN
e 144 5 NaN
e 144 6 NaN
e 0 145 NaN
e 1 145 NaN
e 2 145 NaN
e 3 145 NaN
e 145 4 NaN
e 145 5 NaN
e 145 6 NaN
e 0 146 NaN
e 1 146 NaN
e 2 146 NaN
e 3 149 NaN
e 146 4 NaN
e 146 148 NaN
e 146 6 NaN
e 0 147 NaN
e 1 147 NaN
e 2 147 NaN
e 3 147 NaN
e 147 4 NaN
e 147 5 NaN
e 147 6 NaN
e 148 150 NaN
e 149 146 NaN
e 146 147 NaN
e 3 148 NaN
e 150 5 NaN
e 0 151 NaN
e 1 151 NaN
e 2 151 NaN
e 3 151 NaN
e 151 4 NaN
e 151 155 NaN
e 151 6 NaN
e 0 152 NaN
e 1 152 NaN
e 2 152 NaN
e 3 152 NaN
e 152 4 NaN
e 152 156 NaN
e 152 6 NaN
e 0 153 NaN
e 1 153 NaN
e 2 153 NaN
e 3 153 NaN
e 153 4 NaN
e 153 5 NaN
e 153 6 NaN
e 0 154 NaN
e 1 154 NaN
e 2 154 NaN
e 3 154 NaN
e 154 4 NaN
e 154 5 NaN
e 154 6 NaN
e 155 5 NaN
e 156 5 NaN
e 0 157 NaN
e 1 157 NaN
e 2 157 NaN
e 3 157 NaN
e 157 4 NaN
e 157 5 NaN
e 157 6 NaN
e 0 171 NaN
e 1 158 NaN
e 2 158 NaN
e 3 161 NaN
e 158 4 NaN
e 158 5 NaN
e 158 6 NaN
e 0 159 NaN
e 1 159 NaN
e 2 159 NaN
e 3 159 NaN
e 159 4 NaN
e 159 162 NaN
e 159 6 NaN
e 0 160 NaN
e 1 160 NaN
e 2 160 NaN
e 3 160 NaN
e 160 4 NaN
e 160 5 NaN
e 160 6 NaN
e 161 158 NaN
e 162 5 NaN
e 161 162 NaN
e 0 163 NaN
e 1 163 NaN
e 2 163 NaN
e 3 163 NaN
e 163 4 NaN
e 163 5 NaN
e 163 168 NaN
e 0 169 NaN
e 1 164 NaN
e 2 164 NaN
e 3 164 NaN
e 164 170 NaN
e 164 5 NaN
e 164 6 NaN
e 0 165 NaN
e 1 165 NaN
e 2 165 NaN
e 3 165 NaN
e 165 4 NaN
e 165 5 NaN
e 165 167 NaN
e 0 166 NaN
e 1 166 NaN
e 2 166 NaN
e 3 166 NaN
e 166 4 NaN
e 166 5 NaN
e 166 6 NaN
e 167 6 NaN
e 166 164 NaN
e 168 6 NaN
e 169 164 NaN
e 162 165 NaN
e 170 4 NaN
e 171 158 NaN
e 0 172 NaN
e 1 172 NaN
e 2 172 NaN
e 3 192 NaN
e 172 4 NaN
e 172 176 NaN
e 172 177 NaN
e 0 173 NaN
e 1 173 NaN
e 2 173 NaN
e 3 173 NaN
e 173 4 NaN
e 173 5 NaN
e 173 6 NaN
e 0 174 NaN
e 1 174 NaN
e 2 174 NaN
e 3 174 NaN
e 174 4 NaN
e 174 5 NaN
e 174 6 NaN
e 0 175 NaN
e 1 175 NaN
e 2 175 NaN
e 3 193 NaN
e 175 4 NaN
e 175 5 NaN
e 175 178 NaN
e 176 5 NaN
e 177 6 NaN
e 169 177 NaN
e 178 6 NaN
e 0 179 NaN
e 1 179 NaN
e 2 179 NaN
e 3 179 NaN
e 179 4 NaN
e 179 5 NaN
e 179 6 NaN
e 0 180 NaN
e 1 180 NaN
e 2 184 NaN
e 3 180 NaN
e 180 4 NaN
e 180 5 NaN
e 180 6 NaN
e 0 181 NaN
e 1 181 NaN
e 2 181 NaN
e 3 181 NaN
e 181 4 NaN
e 181 5 NaN
e 181 6 NaN
e 0 183 NaN
e 1 182 NaN
e 2 182 NaN
e 3 182 NaN
e 182 4 NaN
e 182 5 NaN
e 182 6 NaN
e 183 182 NaN
e 184 180 NaN
e 184 179 NaN
e 0 185 NaN
e 1 185 NaN
e 2 185 NaN
e 3 185 NaN
e 185 4 NaN
e 185 5 NaN
e 185 6 NaN
e 0 186 NaN
e 1 186 NaN
e 2 186 NaN
e 3 186 NaN
e 186 4 NaN
e 186 191 NaN
e 186 6 NaN
e 0 187 NaN
e 1 187 NaN
e 2 187 NaN
e 3 189 NaN
e 187 4 NaN
e 187 5 NaN
e 187 6 NaN
e 0 188 NaN
e 1 188 NaN
e 2 188 NaN
e 3 188 NaN
e 188 4 NaN
e 188 5 NaN
e 188 6 NaN
e 189 187 NaN
e 0 190 NaN
e 190 6 NaN
e 191 5 NaN
e 181 190 NaN
e 192 172 NaN
e 193 175 NaN
e 194 135 NaN
e 174 147 NaN
e 0 195 NaN
e 1 195 NaN
e 2 195 NaN
e 3 195 NaN
e 195 4 NaN
e 195 5 NaN
e 195 199 NaN
e 0 196 NaN
e 1 196 NaN
e 2 196 NaN
e 3 196 NaN
e 196 4 NaN
e 196 220 NaN
e 196 6 NaN
e 0 197 NaN
e 1 197 NaN
e 2 197 NaN
e 3 217 NaN
e 197 4 NaN
e 197 5 NaN
e 197 6 NaN
e 0 198 NaN
e 1 198 NaN
e 2 198 NaN
e 3 198 NaN
e 198 4 NaN
e 198 5 NaN
e 198 6 NaN
e 199 6 NaN
e 0 200 NaN
e 1 200 NaN
e 2 200 NaN
e 3 200 NaN
e 200 4 NaN
e 200 5 NaN
e 200 6 NaN
e 0 201 NaN
e 1 201 NaN
e 2 218 NaN
e 3 201 NaN
e 201 4 NaN
e 201 5 NaN
e 201 6 NaN
e 0 205 NaN
e 1 202 NaN
e 2 202 NaN
e 3 202 NaN
e 202 4 NaN
e 202 5 NaN
e 202 204 NaN
e 0 203 NaN
e 1 203 NaN
e 2 203 NaN
e 3 221 NaN
e 203 4 NaN
e 203 5 NaN
e 203 6 NaN
e 204 6 NaN
e 205 202 NaN
e 0 206 NaN
e 1 206 NaN
e 2 206 NaN
e 3 206 NaN
e 206 4 NaN
e 206 5 NaN
e 206 6 NaN
e 0 207 NaN
e 1 207 NaN
e 2 207 NaN
e 3 207 NaN
e 207 4 NaN
e 207 5 NaN
e 207 6 NaN
e 0 208 NaN
e 1 208 NaN
e 2 210 NaN
e 3 208 NaN
e 208 4 NaN
e 208 5 NaN
e 208 6 NaN
e 0 209 NaN
e 1 209 NaN
e 2 209 NaN
e 3 209 NaN
e 209 4 NaN
e 209 5 NaN
e 209 211 NaN
e 210 208 NaN
e 211 6 NaN
e 0 212 NaN
e 1 219 NaN
e 2 212 NaN
e 3 212 NaN
e 212 4 NaN
e 212 5 NaN
e 212 6 NaN
e 0 213 NaN
e 1 213 NaN
e 2 213 NaN
e 3 213 NaN
e 213 4 NaN
e 213 5 NaN
e 213 6 NaN
e 0 214 NaN
e 1 214 NaN
e 2 214 NaN
e 3 214 NaN
e 214 4 NaN
e 214 5 NaN
e 214 6 NaN
e 0 215 NaN
e 1 215 NaN
e 2 215 NaN
e 3 215 NaN
e 215 216 NaN
e 215 5 NaN
e 215 6 NaN
e 216 4 NaN
e 217 197 NaN
e 218 201 NaN
e 219 212 NaN
e 220 5 NaN
e 221 203 NaN
e 215 221 NaN
e 0 222 NaN
e 1 227 NaN
e 2 222 NaN
e 3 222 NaN
e 222 4 NaN
e 222 5 NaN
e 222 6 NaN
e 0 223 NaN
e 1 223 NaN
e 2 223 NaN
e 3 223 NaN
e 223 4 NaN
e 223 5 NaN
e 223 6 NaN
e 0 224 NaN
e 1 224 NaN
e 2 224 NaN
e 3 226 NaN
e 224 4 NaN
e 224 5 NaN
e 224 6 NaN
e 0 225 NaN
e 1 225 NaN
e 2 225 NaN
e 3 225 NaN
e 225 4 NaN
e 225 5 NaN
e 225 6 NaN
e 226 224 NaN
e 0 6 NaN
e 227 222 NaN
e 227 224 NaN
e 2 233 NaN
e 0 228 NaN
e 1 228 NaN
e 2 228 NaN
e 3 228 NaN
e 228 4 NaN
e 228 5 NaN
e 228 6 NaN
e 0 229 NaN
e 1 229 NaN
e 2 229 NaN
e 3 229 NaN
e 229 4 NaN
e 229 232 NaN
e 229 6 NaN
e 0 230 NaN
e 1 230 NaN
e 2 230 NaN
e 3 230 NaN
e 230 4 NaN
e 230 5 NaN
e 230 6 NaN
e 0 231 NaN
e 1 231 NaN
e 2 231 NaN
e 3 231 NaN
e 231 4 NaN
e 231 5 NaN
e 231 6 NaN
e 232 5 NaN
e 225 6 NaN
e 233 227 NaN
e 51 139 NaN
e 234 4 NaN
