n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden identity
n 8 hidden gaussian
n 9 hidden gaussian
n 10 hidden gaussian
n 11 hidden identity
n 12 hidden tanh
n 13 hidden gaussian
n 14 hidden sine
n 15 hidden identity
n 16 hidden identity
n 17 hidden sine
n 18 hidden identity
n 19 hidden sine
n 20 hidden identity
n 21 hidden sigmoid
n 22 hidden tanh
n 23 hidden identity
n 24 hidden sigmoid
n 25 hidden sigmoid
n 26 hidden tanh
n 27 hidden identity
n 28 hidden tanh
n 29 hidden gaussian
n 30 hidden identity
n 31 hidden tanh
n 32 hidden sigmoid
n 33 hidden tanh
n 34 hidden sine
n 35 hidden sigmoid
n 36 hidden identity
n 37 hidden identity
n 38 hidden gaussian
n 39 hidden gaussian
n 40 hidden gaussian
n 41 hidden identity
n 42 hidden tanh
n 43 hidden sigmoid
n 44 hidden tanh
n 45 hidden sine
n 46 hidden sigmoid
n 47 hidden gaussian
n 48 hidden sigmoid
n 49 hidden gaussian
n 50 hidden tanh
n 51 hidden sine
n 52 hidden gaussian
n 53 hidden identity
n 54 hidden gaussian
n 55 hidden tanh
n 56 hidden identity
n 57 hidden gaussian
n 58 hidden gaussian
n 59 hidden identity
n 60 hidden tanh
n 61 hidden identity
n 62 hidden tanh
n 63 hidden identity
n 64 hidden identity
n 65 hidden tanh
n 66 hidden gaussian
n 67 hidden identity
n 68 hidden tanh
n 69 hidden sigmoid
n 70 hidden tanh
n 71 hidden sine
n 72 hidden sigmoid
n 73 hidden identity
n 74 hidden sigmoid
n 75 hidden tanh
n 76 hidden tanh
n 77 hidden tanh
n 78 hidden sine
n 79 hidden sigmoid
n 80 hidden identity
n 81 hidden sigmoid
n 82 hidden sine
n 83 hidden sigmoid
n 84 hidden gaussian
n 85 hidden tanh
n 86 hidden identity
n 87 hidden sine
n 88 hidden tanh
n 89 hidden sine
n 90 hidden sine
n 91 hidden identity
n 92 hidden gaussian
n 93 hidden gaussian
n 94 hidden gaussian
n 95 hidden identity
n 96 hidden tanh
n 97 hidden sigmoid
n 98 hidden tanh
n 99 hidden sine
n 100 hidden sigmoid
n 101 hidden sigmoid
n 102 hidden tanh
n 103 hidden gaussian
n 104 hidden tanh
n 105 hidden sigmoid
n 106 hidden tanh
n 107 hidden sine
n 108 hidden tanh
n 109 hidden identity
n 110 hidden tanh
n 111 hidden sigmoid
n 112 hidden tanh
n 113 hidden gaussian
n 114 hidden identity
n 115 hidden sine
n 116 hidden gaussian
n 117 hidden sine
n 118 hidden sigmoid
n 119 hidden identity
n 120 hidden gaussian
n 121 hidden gaussian
n 122 hidden gaussian
n 123 hidden identity
n 124 hidden tanh
n 125 hidden sigmoid
n 126 hidden tanh
n 127 hidden sine
n 128 hidden sigmoid
n 129 hidden gaussian
n 130 hidden gaussian
n 131 hidden identity
n 132 hidden sine
n 133 hidden sine
n 134 hidden identity
n 135 hidden gaussian
n 136 hidden gaussian
n 137 hidden gaussian
n 138 hidden identity
n 139 hidden tanh
n 140 hidden sigmoid
n 141 hidden tanh
n 142 hidden sine
n 143 hidden sigmoid
n 144 hidden sigmoid
n 145 hidden gaussian
n 146 hidden sigmoid
n 147 hidden gaussian
n 148 hidden sine
n 149 hidden tanh
n 150 hidden sine
n 151 hidden tanh
n 152 hidden identity
n 153 hidden tanh
n 154 hidden gaussian
n 155 hidden identity
n 156 hidden tanh
n 157 hidden sigmoid
n 158 hidden tanh
n 159 hidden sine
n 160 hidden sigmoid
n 161 hidden sine
n 162 hidden tanh
n 163 hidden gaussian
n 164 hidden tanh
n 165 hidden sigmoid
n 166 hidden tanh
n 167 hidden sine
n 168 hidden tanh
n 169 hidden identity
n 170 hidden tanh
n 171 hidden sigmoid
n 172 hidden tanh
n 173 hidden gaussian
n 174 hidden identity
n 175 hidden gaussian
n 176 hidden sine
n 177 hidden gaussian
n 178 hidden identity
e 0 7 -0.243757
e 1 12 -0.455457
e 2 7 -0.130332
e 3 7 0.485184
e 7 4 0.107148
e 7 5 0.031463
e 7 6 0.232111
e 0 11 0.022055
e 1 8 0.275147
e 2 9 0.045740
e 3 8 0.689578
e 8 4 0.055476
e 8 5 -1.359787
e 8 10 -0.728501
e 9 8 2.667141
e 1 13 0.673922
e 10 6 -0.247730
e 11 8 -0.068082
e 12 7 -1.504746
e 13 4 -0.121361
e 0 14 -1.466988
e 1 14 -2.287372
e 2 14 -1.514818
e 3 14 0.596365
e 14 4 0.027893
e 14 5 0.043434
e 14 6 0.028642
e 0 15 0.183809
e 1 15 -0.467140
e 2 15 0.261609
e 3 16 0.366560
e 15 4 -0.079489
e 15 5 0.111101
e 15 6 0.011996
e 11 6 0.009426
e 0 6 0.377575
e 16 15 -0.826652
e 0 17 0.836418
e 1 17 -0.456436
e 2 17 0.232153
e 3 17 -1.224282
e 17 4 -0.125275
e 17 5 0.070591
e 17 6 0.055310
e 0 18 -0.155140
e 1 18 -0.399832
e 2 18 -0.363484
e 3 18 1.226837
e 18 4 -0.109498
e 18 5 0.049074
e 18 6 0.013819
e 0 19 -1.860751
e 1 19 -0.973250
e 2 19 -0.830452
e 3 19 -0.957629
e 19 21 0.023173
e 19 5 -0.038259
e 19 6 -0.022690
e 0 20 0.206434
e 1 20 0.587583
e 2 20 0.193679
e 3 20 -1.340593
e 20 22 -0.210999
e 20 5 0.030374
e 20 23 -0.030132
e 21 4 -0.106617
e 22 4 -0.199527
e 23 6 1.279327
e 22 16 0.087903
e 0 24 -0.215173
e 1 24 0.866348
e 2 24 1.304248
e 3 24 0.055924
e 24 4 -1.571886
e 24 26 0.903865
e 24 6 -0.929917
e 0 25 0.572202
e 1 25 0.828858
e 2 25 1.011520
e 3 25 -0.796552
e 25 4 1.112908
e 25 5 -1.517487
e 25 6 0.569008
e 26 5 1.316040
e 0 27 0.075091
e 1 27 0.032346
e 2 27 0.370344
e 3 27 -0.691587
e 27 4 0.041320
e 27 5 -0.037975
e 27 6 0.012936
e 0 28 -0.960842
e 1 28 0.451859
e 2 28 -0.163819
e 3 28 0.189867
e 28 4 -0.067750
e 28 5 0.097836
e 28 6 0.219954
e 0 29 1.056021
e 1 29 0.994598
e 2 29 0.814518
e 3 29 -0.923715
e 29 4 1.074483
e 29 5 0.434376
e 29 6 0.387318
e 0 30 0.029113
e 1 30 -0.735511
e 2 49 -0.160423
e 3 35 -0.699486
e 30 4 0.101584
e 30 5 0.013802
e 30 6 -0.013228
e 0 31 0.194219
e 1 31 -0.000694
e 2 31 -0.744119
e 3 31 -0.649422
e 31 4 -0.853600
e 31 5 -0.484921
e 31 6 -0.674212
e 0 32 -0.097303
e 1 32 -0.168343
e 2 32 0.539238
e 3 32 0.508836
e 32 4 -0.650535
e 32 5 -0.171104
e 32 6 -0.448690
e 0 33 -0.207755
e 1 33 -1.318183
e 2 33 0.324654
e 3 33 1.710274
e 33 4 -0.363640
e 33 5 0.102952
e 33 6 -0.399663
e 0 34 5.197402
e 1 34 4.908299
e 2 34 3.197160
e 3 36 1.319555
e 34 4 -0.001743
e 34 5 -0.006921
e 34 6 0.024184
e 35 30 1.621791
e 36 34 -1.747528
e 36 29 0.896053
e 0 37 -0.081211
e 1 37 -0.449937
e 2 37 0.463035
e 3 39 2.006171
e 37 4 0.041990
e 37 5 -0.068686
e 37 6 0.017277
e 0 38 1.272978
e 1 38 -0.612500
e 2 47 1.323375
e 3 38 -0.751045
e 38 4 -0.019336
e 38 5 0.228288
e 38 6 0.212977
e 39 37 0.670008
e 0 40 0.726363
e 1 40 0.994128
e 2 40 0.725041
e 3 40 -1.059213
e 40 4 0.961788
e 40 5 0.766487
e 40 6 0.820545
e 0 41 0.195622
e 1 41 -0.392367
e 2 41 -0.079822
e 3 46 -0.650881
e 41 4 0.090131
e 41 5 0.058234
e 41 6 -0.023037
e 0 42 0.120487
e 1 42 0.043852
e 2 42 -0.502822
e 3 42 -0.607247
e 42 4 -0.917361
e 42 5 -0.065502
e 42 48 -0.286971
e 0 43 -0.150781
e 1 43 -0.185939
e 2 43 0.643417
e 3 43 0.486083
e 43 4 -0.360978
e 43 5 -0.086798
e 43 6 0.005380
e 0 44 -0.079029
e 1 44 -1.121333
e 2 44 -0.035501
e 3 44 1.852150
e 44 4 -0.160708
e 44 5 0.080525
e 44 6 0.026033
e 0 45 5.603713
e 1 45 4.862625
e 2 45 2.977983
e 3 45 1.173187
e 45 4 0.015062
e 45 5 0.033633
e 45 6 -0.044269
e 46 41 1.626653
e 47 38 1.212251
e 48 6 0.048696
e 47 45 -1.111473
e 49 30 1.676536
e 0 50 0.146403
e 1 50 -0.518349
e 2 50 -0.257724
e 3 50 1.966183
e 50 4 -0.345493
e 50 5 -0.229252
e 50 6 -0.280111
e 0 51 5.579961
e 1 51 5.164980
e 2 51 3.489942
e 3 51 1.419664
e 51 4 -0.089963
e 51 5 -0.065543
e 51 6 -0.059333
e 0 52 -1.537005
e 1 52 -0.809540
e 2 52 1.382531
e 3 52 0.004345
e 52 4 -0.307785
e 52 5 -0.326208
e 52 6 -0.202728
e 0 53 0.225978
e 1 53 0.265843
e 2 55 0.359225
e 3 53 -0.107222
e 53 54 0.330372
e 53 5 0.163088
e 53 6 -0.079889
e 54 4 0.195808
e 55 53 -0.873758
e 2 4 -0.056000
e 49 5 0.021807
e 1 6 -0.134544
e 0 56 -0.200038
e 1 56 -0.071377
e 2 56 -0.269600
e 3 56 0.890248
e 56 4 -0.049925
e 56 5 0.013011
e 56 6 -0.020901
e 0 57 0.434765
e 1 57 0.252022
e 2 58 -0.031797
e 3 57 0.952538
e 57 4 -0.270361
e 57 5 -0.670898
e 57 6 -0.730970
e 58 57 2.772096
e 1 59 0.279979
e 59 4 -0.282928
e 0 60 0.588414
e 1 60 0.061009
e 2 60 1.836487
e 3 60 0.309366
e 60 4 -0.253811
e 60 5 -0.138702
e 60 80 -0.262334
e 0 61 0.219152
e 1 61 0.178851
e 2 61 0.097842
e 3 61 -0.797393
e 61 4 0.069334
e 61 5 0.059481
e 61 6 -0.046474
e 0 62 0.571008
e 1 62 0.053717
e 2 62 1.825159
e 3 62 0.302001
e 62 4 -0.253816
e 62 5 -0.138705
e 62 6 -0.411187
e 0 63 0.219152
e 1 63 0.178851
e 2 63 0.097842
e 3 63 -0.797393
e 63 4 0.069334
e 63 5 0.059481
e 63 6 -0.046474
e 0 64 0.141913
e 1 64 0.015174
e 2 64 0.293930
e 3 64 -0.718532
e 64 4 0.076377
e 64 5 -0.004227
e 64 6 -0.015148
e 0 74 -0.654647
e 1 65 0.620556
e 2 65 -0.540267
e 3 65 0.012450
e 65 4 0.001397
e 65 5 -0.398839
e 65 6 -0.135720
e 0 66 1.059679
e 1 66 0.995532
e 2 66 0.846608
e 3 66 -0.911068
e 66 4 1.065244
e 66 5 0.404459
e 66 6 0.362586
e 0 67 0.185950
e 1 67 -0.525693
e 2 67 0.029443
e 3 72 -0.652302
e 67 4 0.026820
e 67 5 0.062826
e 67 6 0.009403
e 0 68 0.114991
e 1 68 0.012066
e 2 68 -0.485543
e 3 68 -0.583592
e 68 4 -1.244357
e 68 5 -0.028447
e 68 6 -0.309649
e 0 69 -0.143847
e 1 69 -0.166648
e 2 69 0.547539
e 3 69 0.496902
e 69 4 -0.559853
e 69 5 0.269373
e 69 6 0.106325
e 0 70 -0.219923
e 1 70 -1.112087
e 2 70 0.240334
e 3 70 1.798730
e 70 4 0.228745
e 70 5 -0.199162
e 70 6 -0.003297
e 0 71 5.228815
e 1 71 4.944646
e 2 71 3.251097
e 3 73 1.291748
e 71 4 0.015256
e 71 5 0.040433
e 71 6 -0.028297
e 72 67 1.627083
e 73 71 -1.719396
e 73 66 0.911050
e 74 65 -0.927533
e 0 75 -2.345471
e 1 75 1.034075
e 2 75 -0.743773
e 3 75 -1.228753
e 75 78 0.039225
e 75 5 0.145367
e 75 6 -0.062178
e 0 76 -0.150213
e 1 76 -1.511414
e 2 76 0.793257
e 3 79 2.263098
e 76 4 0.469287
e 76 77 -0.086959
e 76 6 0.618433
e 77 5 -0.146918
e 1 77 0.964366
e 78 4 -0.439455
e 74 77 0.699612
e 79 76 0.905945
e 80 6 0.379926
e 0 81 -0.030054
e 1 81 1.328850
e 2 81 0.745805
e 3 81 -0.607345
e 81 4 -0.089216
e 81 5 -0.026394
e 81 6 -0.066884
e 0 82 -4.514561
e 1 82 -2.385138
e 2 87 -7.455592
e 3 82 -3.665842
e 82 4 0.008396
e 82 5 -0.011296
e 82 6 0.013152
e 0 83 0.101374
e 1 83 2.293490
e 2 83 -2.496499
e 3 83 -0.514599
e 83 4 0.176959
e 83 5 0.237387
e 83 6 0.260463
e 0 84 -0.022170
e 1 84 0.513479
e 2 84 2.389223
e 3 84 0.529000
e 84 4 -0.912918
e 84 5 -0.975161
e 84 6 -0.792816
e 0 85 0.045787
e 1 85 -0.768136
e 2 85 -0.483382
e 3 85 -0.003338
e 85 4 0.029310
e 85 5 -0.078291
e 85 6 -0.077134
e 0 86 -0.183450
e 1 86 -0.694752
e 2 86 0.034992
e 3 86 1.033076
e 86 88 -0.065187
e 86 5 -0.020969
e 86 6 0.022202
e 86 85 -0.777294
e 87 82 0.299165
e 88 4 0.499780
e 0 89 -6.237401
e 1 89 -4.510600
e 2 89 -2.766504
e 3 89 -1.631225
e 89 4 0.027583
e 89 5 0.015735
e 89 6 -0.007043
e 0 90 0.355966
e 1 90 -0.404040
e 2 90 1.550302
e 3 90 -1.951288
e 90 4 0.085466
e 90 5 -0.030741
e 90 6 -0.001020
e 0 91 -0.052042
e 1 91 -0.502073
e 2 91 0.447616
e 3 93 2.005395
e 91 4 -0.008462
e 91 5 -0.026013
e 91 6 0.021353
e 0 92 0.854067
e 1 92 0.266251
e 2 92 1.385405
e 3 92 -0.824447
e 92 4 -0.507174
e 92 5 -0.392982
e 92 6 -0.240209
e 93 91 0.672924
e 0 94 0.923852
e 1 94 1.047680
e 2 94 0.908349
e 3 94 -0.912591
e 94 4 0.932160
e 94 5 0.454015
e 94 6 0.598997
e 0 95 0.214788
e 1 95 -0.335763
e 2 95 -0.149773
e 3 100 -0.731577
e 95 4 0.044521
e 95 5 0.072785
e 95 6 -0.004010
e 0 96 0.088482
e 1 96 0.081253
e 2 96 -0.334946
e 3 178 -0.693377
e 96 4 -1.152210
e 96 5 0.071376
e 96 6 -0.068972
e 0 97 -0.095794
e 1 97 -0.137340
e 2 97 0.491888
e 3 97 0.522608
e 97 4 -0.991214
e 97 101 0.522846
e 97 6 0.020103
e 0 98 -0.347445
e 1 98 -1.085797
e 2 98 0.001923
e 3 98 1.872911
e 98 4 0.135200
e 98 5 0.143197
e 98 6 0.174275
e 0 99 5.583922
e 1 99 5.078206
e 2 99 3.404256
e 3 99 1.377031
e 99 4 -0.019686
e 99 5 0.016672
e 99 6 -0.101048
e 100 95 1.621835
e 96 98 -0.622623
e 101 5 0.106889
e 0 102 0.496073
e 1 102 -1.199047
e 2 102 0.207013
e 3 102 -1.223802
e 102 4 -0.084769
e 102 5 -0.182145
e 102 6 -0.126496
e 0 103 -0.708573
e 1 103 -1.195885
e 2 103 -0.783570
e 3 103 -0.348201
e 103 4 -0.288094
e 103 5 -1.213655
e 103 104 -0.673388
e 104 6 0.935467
e 0 105 1.191337
e 1 105 1.195503
e 2 105 0.672321
e 3 105 -0.898452
e 105 4 -0.001329
e 105 5 0.254720
e 105 6 -0.025932
e 0 106 0.423845
e 1 106 0.849724
e 2 107 -0.133123
e 3 106 -1.826596
e 106 4 0.109830
e 106 5 0.007470
e 106 6 0.005675
e 107 113 -0.283046
e 102 5 -0.182145
e 0 107 2.817413
e 0 108 1.005032
e 1 108 -0.901234
e 2 108 1.585813
e 3 108 -1.774869
e 108 4 -0.385710
e 108 114 0.249258
e 108 6 -0.335309
e 0 109 0.371636
e 1 109 -0.451909
e 2 109 0.183983
e 3 109 -0.676276
e 109 4 0.098352
e 109 110 0.198823
e 109 6 0.010310
e 110 5 0.014506
e 0 111 1.145792
e 1 111 1.207069
e 2 111 0.644808
e 3 111 -0.898498
e 111 4 0.136517
e 111 5 -0.233355
e 111 6 0.080964
e 0 112 -0.058769
e 1 112 1.126595
e 2 112 -0.164163
e 3 112 -1.533256
e 112 4 -0.027943
e 112 5 0.143730
e 112 6 0.143427
e 113 106 -0.138725
e 110 108 -1.920455
e 114 5 -0.296006
e 85 57 -0.461259
e 100 87 -1.039319
e 0 115 -3.534807
e 1 115 -3.264917
e 2 115 -1.717069
e 3 115 -1.754911
e 115 4 0.007146
e 115 117 0.007869
e 115 6 -0.022967
e 0 118 1.637204
e 1 116 0.766324
e 2 116 -1.505611
e 3 116 1.353462
e 116 4 -0.007181
e 116 5 -0.233606
e 116 6 0.241965
e 117 5 -1.498584
e 113 6 -0.076660
e 118 116 -1.270213
e 0 119 -0.005967
e 1 119 -0.444283
e 2 119 0.318668
e 3 121 2.005945
e 119 4 -0.037295
e 119 5 -0.475727
e 119 6 0.007347
e 0 120 1.403720
e 1 120 -0.719299
e 2 129 1.331698
e 3 120 -0.776119
e 120 4 -0.230026
e 120 5 -0.233807
e 120 6 0.024343
e 121 119 0.670873
e 0 122 0.704817
e 1 122 1.012189
e 2 122 0.855703
e 3 122 -1.000318
e 122 4 1.122412
e 122 5 0.387896
e 122 6 0.683246
e 0 123 0.197833
e 1 123 -0.403061
e 2 123 -0.074043
e 3 128 -0.681999
e 123 4 0.046435
e 123 5 0.075160
e 123 6 -0.010976
e 0 124 0.208702
e 1 124 -0.009301
e 2 124 -0.589301
e 3 124 -0.674035
e 124 4 -0.763183
e 124 5 0.175928
e 124 6 -0.368278
e 0 125 -0.138789
e 1 125 -0.157473
e 2 125 0.516969
e 3 125 0.508043
e 125 4 -0.568954
e 125 5 0.597126
e 125 6 -0.049913
e 0 126 -0.100632
e 1 126 -1.059863
e 2 126 -0.047944
e 3 126 1.876080
e 126 4 -0.107277
e 126 5 -0.008449
e 126 6 -0.023573
e 0 127 5.436817
e 1 127 5.076210
e 2 127 3.504312
e 3 127 1.421019
e 127 4 -0.017384
e 127 5 -0.034777
e 127 6 0.011193
e 128 123 1.624670
e 129 120 1.232281
e 0 130 0.806629
e 1 130 0.164139
e 2 130 1.200170
e 3 130 -0.334297
e 130 4 -0.856485
e 130 5 -0.922908
e 130 6 -0.769688
e 0 131 -0.105750
e 1 131 -0.728905
e 2 131 0.256689
e 3 131 0.632244
e 131 4 -0.049399
e 131 5 -0.007664
e 131 6 0.033873
e 0 132 -6.279866
e 1 132 -4.531066
e 2 132 -2.779815
e 3 132 -1.647385
e 132 4 -0.028162
e 132 5 -0.025128
e 132 6 -0.008142
e 0 133 0.376479
e 1 133 -0.291815
e 2 133 1.679811
e 3 133 -1.861157
e 133 4 0.073780
e 133 5 -0.009970
e 133 145 0.057895
e 0 134 -0.041501
e 1 134 -0.472329
e 2 134 0.429596
e 3 136 2.004657
e 134 4 0.040739
e 134 5 -0.045175
e 134 6 0.030199
e 0 135 0.825228
e 1 135 0.190083
e 2 135 1.364541
e 3 135 -0.846141
e 135 4 -0.516629
e 135 5 -0.518446
e 135 6 -0.214794
e 136 134 0.675652
e 0 137 0.794620
e 1 137 1.056278
e 2 137 0.863037
e 3 137 -0.962797
e 137 4 0.942879
e 137 5 0.493141
e 137 6 0.706319
e 0 138 0.246933
e 1 138 -0.378152
e 2 138 -0.164180
e 3 143 -0.773327
e 138 4 0.059909
e 138 5 0.091559
e 138 6 -0.016759
e 0 139 0.153681
e 1 139 0.055399
e 2 139 -0.467192
e 3 139 -0.670883
e 139 4 -0.982305
e 139 5 -0.287015
e 139 6 -0.095270
e 0 140 -0.101861
e 1 140 -0.141260
e 2 140 0.484823
e 3 140 0.520343
e 140 4 -0.856350
e 140 144 0.524235
e 140 6 -0.287528
e 0 141 -0.062208
e 1 141 -1.096640
e 2 141 -0.090223
e 3 141 1.878827
e 141 4 0.003648
e 141 5 0.186972
e 141 6 0.047428
e 0 142 5.390559
e 1 142 5.011495
e 2 142 3.501136
e 3 142 1.337045
e 142 4 -0.045561
e 142 5 -0.021306
e 142 6 -0.015446
e 143 138 1.619351
e 139 141 -0.435338
e 144 5 -0.131717
e 137 134 -1.249735
e 145 6 -0.110029
e 141 130 -0.111313
e 119 117 -0.336231
e 0 146 0.183679
e 1 146 2.912201
e 2 146 -3.913324
e 3 148 -0.329196
e 146 4 0.001855
e 146 5 -0.035915
e 146 6 0.042353
e 0 147 -0.137498
e 1 147 0.496157
e 2 147 2.484560
e 3 147 0.475067
e 147 4 -1.222651
e 147 5 -0.798545
e 147 6 -0.802300
e 148 146 0.058986
e 0 149 -0.679680
e 1 149 0.835033
e 2 149 1.077872
e 3 149 0.007604
e 149 4 -0.075048
e 149 5 0.020408
e 149 6 0.065936
e 0 150 -7.238204
e 1 150 -5.315043
e 2 150 -4.488548
e 3 150 -2.911707
e 150 4 0.020247
e 150 5 0.007308
e 150 6 0.007447
e 0 151 0.252515
e 1 151 -0.678890
e 2 151 -0.595054
e 3 151 0.354479
e 151 4 0.255885
e 151 5 -0.048161
e 151 6 0.077368
e 0 152 -0.128200
e 1 152 -0.596126
e 2 152 -0.031470
e 3 152 0.935681
e 152 4 -0.003453
e 152 153 -0.024314
e 152 6 0.019247
e 153 5 0.938177
e 0 154 1.023251
e 1 154 1.015553
e 2 154 0.997574
e 3 154 -0.860782
e 154 4 0.996382
e 154 5 0.349770
e 154 6 0.246698
e 0 155 0.187359
e 1 155 -0.650099
e 2 155 0.145625
e 3 160 -0.793559
e 155 4 -0.029657
e 155 5 0.097612
e 155 6 0.021264
e 0 156 -0.485090
e 1 177 -0.183921
e 2 156 -0.780454
e 3 161 -0.586971
e 156 4 -0.366548
e 156 5 0.298672
e 156 6 0.131841
e 0 176 -0.068585
e 1 157 -0.123487
e 2 157 0.456312
e 3 157 0.537862
e 157 4 -0.519275
e 157 5 0.229672
e 157 6 0.055343
e 0 158 0.243166
e 1 158 -0.715790
e 2 158 -0.247056
e 3 158 1.948855
e 158 4 -0.163029
e 158 5 -0.176856
e 158 6 -0.244769
e 0 159 5.681685
e 1 159 5.051890
e 2 159 3.208306
e 3 159 1.319139
e 159 4 0.110097
e 159 5 0.020995
e 159 6 0.104496
e 160 155 1.617605
e 159 156 -0.689546
e 161 156 -0.125112
e 0 162 0.535304
e 1 162 -1.186886
e 2 162 0.187924
e 3 162 -1.405141
e 162 4 -0.220385
e 162 5 -0.172867
e 162 6 -0.254209
e 0 163 -0.707317
e 1 163 -1.199367
e 2 163 -0.798193
e 3 163 -0.354433
e 163 4 -0.294293
e 163 5 -1.220505
e 163 164 -0.681479
e 164 6 0.950016
e 0 165 1.191108
e 1 165 1.194884
e 2 165 0.679887
e 3 165 -0.898910
e 165 4 0.032686
e 165 5 0.322673
e 165 6 0.027686
e 0 166 0.570002
e 1 166 0.656836
e 2 167 -0.127454
e 3 166 -1.902923
e 166 4 -0.030383
e 166 5 0.166249
e 166 6 0.090450
e 167 173 -0.325086
e 162 5 -0.172867
e 0 167 2.827097
e 0 168 1.046022
e 1 168 -0.861127
e 2 168 1.559889
e 3 175 -1.727882
e 168 4 -0.019796
e 168 174 0.040702
e 168 6 0.023354
e 0 169 0.338748
e 1 169 -0.572964
e 2 169 0.438169
e 3 169 -0.749487
e 169 4 0.169031
e 169 170 0.291885
e 169 6 -0.012602
e 170 5 -0.018043
e 0 171 1.144904
e 1 171 1.206038
e 2 171 0.640841
e 3 171 -0.899115
e 171 4 0.171903
e 171 5 -0.163982
e 171 6 0.136860
e 0 172 -0.086032
e 1 172 1.201610
e 2 172 -0.222698
e 3 172 -1.538159
e 172 4 0.045096
e 172 5 0.216425
e 172 6 0.124908
e 173 166 -0.178826
e 170 168 -1.941243
e 174 5 -0.163262
e 175 168 0.826432
e 176 157 1.151851
e 177 156 0.537716
e 178 96 0.804029
e 65 12 -0.685613
e 99 173 0.096546
