n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden gaussian
n 8 hidden identity
n 9 hidden sigmoid
n 10 hidden sigmoid
n 11 hidden gaussian
n 12 hidden tanh
n 13 hidden gaussian
n 14 hidden tanh
n 15 hidden relu
n 16 hidden tanh
n 17 hidden relu
n 18 hidden sine
n 19 hidden relu
n 20 hidden gaussian
n 21 hidden sine
n 22 hidden sigmoid
n 23 hidden tanh
n 24 hidden identity
n 25 hidden gaussian
n 26 hidden sine
n 27 hidden sine
n 28 hidden sigmoid
n 29 hidden sigmoid
n 30 hidden sigmoid
n 31 hidden identity
n 32 hidden identity
n 33 hidden tanh
n 34 hidden sine
n 35 hidden tanh
n 36 hidden identity
n 37 hidden gaussian
n 38 hidden identity
n 39 hidden identity
n 40 hidden sine
n 41 hidden sigmoid
n 42 hidden identity
n 43 hidden sigmoid
n 44 hidden tanh
n 45 hidden sigmoid
n 46 hidden identity
n 47 hidden gaussian
n 48 hidden identity
n 49 hidden gaussian
n 50 hidden relu
n 51 hidden sigmoid
n 52 hidden tanh
n 53 hidden sine
n 54 hidden relu
n 55 hidden relu
n 56 hidden identity
n 57 hidden relu
n 58 hidden sine
n 59 hidden gaussian
n 60 hidden relu
n 61 hidden sine
n 62 hidden gaussian
n 63 hidden identity
n 64 hidden identity
n 65 hidden gaussian
n 66 hidden sine
n 67 hidden sigmoid
n 68 hidden sigmoid
n 69 hidden relu
n 70 hidden sigmoid
n 71 hidden sine
n 72 hidden relu
n 73 hidden sigmoid
n 74 hidden sine
n 75 hidden tanh
n 76 hidden identity
n 77 hidden gaussian
n 78 hidden tanh
n 79 hidden identity
n 80 hidden identity
n 81 hidden gaussian
n 82 hidden sine
n 83 hidden sigmoid
n 84 hidden tanh
n 85 hidden sine
n 86 hidden tanh
n 87 hidden gaussian
n 88 hidden sine
n 89 hidden gaussian
n 90 hidden relu
n 91 hidden sigmoid
n 92 hidden tanh
n 93 hidden sine
n 94 hidden relu
n 95 hidden relu
n 96 hidden identity
n 97 hidden relu
n 98 hidden sine
n 99 hidden gaussian
n 100 hidden relu
n 101 hidden relu
n 102 hidden tanh
n 103 hidden sigmoid
n 104 hidden identity
n 105 hidden gaussian
n 106 hidden identity
n 107 hidden gaussian
n 108 hidden relu
n 109 hidden sigmoid
n 110 hidden tanh
n 111 hidden sine
n 112 hidden relu
n 113 hidden relu
n 114 hidden identity
n 115 hidden relu
n 116 hidden sine
n 117 hidden gaussian
n 118 hidden relu
n 119 hidden sine
n 120 hidden gaussian
n 121 hidden identity
n 122 hidden identity
n 123 hidden gaussian
n 124 hidden sine
n 125 hidden sigmoid
n 126 hidden sine
n 127 hidden gaussian
n 128 hidden tanh
n 129 hidden sigmoid
n 130 hidden tanh
n 131 hidden gaussian
n 132 hidden identity
n 133 hidden identity
n 134 hidden tanh
n 135 hidden sine
n 136 hidden sine
n 137 hidden identity
n 138 hidden tanh
n 139 hidden tanh
n 140 hidden gaussian
n 141 hidden sigmoid
n 142 hidden relu
n 143 hidden sigmoid
n 144 hidden sine
n 145 hidden sigmoid
n 146 hidden tanh
n 147 hidden identity
n 148 hidden gaussian
n 149 hidden sine
n 150 hidden sine
n 151 hidden gaussian
n 152 hidden sigmoid
n 153 hidden sigmoid
n 154 hidden sigmoid
n 155 hidden relu
n 156 hidden gaussian
n 157 hidden relu
n 158 hidden identity
n 159 hidden gaussian
n 160 hidden identity
n 161 hidden gaussian
n 162 hidden tanh
n 163 hidden sine
n 164 hidden gaussian
n 165 hidden sigmoid
n 166 hidden identity
n 167 hidden sine
n 168 hidden sine
n 169 hidden relu
n 170 hidden relu
n 171 hidden identity
n 172 hidden sine
n 173 hidden identity
n 174 hidden gaussian
n 175 hidden relu
n 176 hidden tanh
n 177 hidden gaussian
n 178 hidden gaussian
n 179 hidden tanh
n 180 hidden identity
n 181 hidden sine
n 182 hidden sigmoid
n 183 hidden sigmoid
n 184 hidden sine
n 185 hidden sine
n 186 hidden sine
n 187 hidden sigmoid
n 188 hidden gaussian
n 189 hidden tanh
n 190 hidden relu
n 191 hidden sine
n 192 hidden relu
n 193 hidden gaussian
n 194 hidden gaussian
n 195 hidden relu
n 196 hidden relu
n 197 hidden gaussian
n 198 hidden gaussian
n 199 hidden tanh
n 200 hidden tanh
n 201 hidden sigmoid
n 202 hidden identity
n 203 hidden gaussian
n 204 hidden identity
n 205 hidden gaussian
n 206 hidden relu
n 207 hidden sigmoid
n 208 hidden tanh
n 209 hidden sine
n 210 hidden relu
n 211 hidden relu
n 212 hidden identity
n 213 hidden relu
n 214 hidden sine
n 215 hidden gaussian
n 216 hidden relu
n 217 hidden sine
n 218 hidden gaussian
n 219 hidden identity
n 220 hidden identity
n 221 hidden gaussian
n 222 hidden sine
n 223 hidden sigmoid
n 224 hidden tanh
n 225 hidden sigmoid
n 226 hidden relu
n 227 hidden relu
n 228 hidden gaussian
e 0 7 -0.426858
e 1 7 -0.737549
e 2 7 -0.983899
e 3 7 0.065590
e 7 4 0.532817
e 7 5 -0.983057
e 7 6 -1.260061
e 0 8 0.271962
e 1 11 0.681625
e 2 8 -1.551876
e 3 8 1.544448
e 8 4 -0.195303
e 8 5 0.001618
e 8 6 0.003511
e 0 9 0.500470
e 1 9 -0.457595
e 2 9 0.998372
e 3 39 2.086035
e 9 4 -0.015293
e 9 5 0.303941
e 9 6 0.765652
e 0 10 1.033046
e 1 10 0.016120
e 2 10 0.314687
e 3 10 -1.479627
e 10 4 -0.074805
e 10 14 -0.052596
e 10 6 -0.571030
e 11 8 -1.219154
e 0 11 0.253441
e 12 9 -0.427529
e 13 5 0.208659
e 14 13 -2.002598
e 0 15 -4.739853
e 1 15 -3.966104
e 2 15 -1.781572
e 3 15 -0.747882
e 15 4 -0.039435
e 15 5 -0.163125
e 15 6 -0.076884
e 0 16 -0.969101
e 1 16 1.487507
e 2 16 -0.703983
e 3 16 -0.763603
e 16 4 0.991070
e 16 5 0.018792
e 16 6 0.061058
e 0 17 0.778874
e 1 17 -0.979689
e 2 17 1.729932
e 3 17 -0.004862
e 17 20 0.621986
e 17 19 -0.436206
e 17 6 0.039660
e 0 18 -0.858696
e 1 18 3.258077
e 2 18 1.458613
e 3 18 2.030108
e 18 4 -0.413820
e 18 5 0.013816
e 18 6 -0.045138
e 19 5 0.043302
e 20 4 -0.926963
e 0 21 1.325148
e 1 26 -0.947075
e 2 21 -0.780420
e 3 21 0.655106
e 21 4 0.097240
e 21 5 0.019244
e 21 6 -0.101594
e 0 22 0.222788
e 1 22 -0.153488
e 2 22 -0.802427
e 3 22 -1.369292
e 22 25 0.126809
e 22 5 -0.316899
e 22 6 -0.570818
e 0 23 0.074902
e 1 23 -0.788253
e 2 23 -1.410581
e 3 23 1.315256
e 23 4 1.034651
e 23 5 -0.173249
e 23 6 -0.232003
e 0 24 -0.448383
e 1 24 -0.178049
e 2 24 0.941227
e 3 24 0.539457
e 24 4 0.022570
e 24 5 0.019812
e 24 6 -0.069948
e 25 4 1.498871
e 26 21 -1.052703
e 0 27 5.565117
e 1 27 4.592248
e 2 27 4.715135
e 3 27 1.332900
e 27 4 -0.002267
e 27 5 -0.030432
e 27 6 -0.045801
e 0 28 -39.480550
e 1 36 -32.935949
e 2 28 -44.128836
e 3 28 -12.528246
e 28 4 0.490187
e 28 5 0.172502
e 28 6 0.067719
e 0 29 -66.476679
e 1 29 -49.478111
e 2 29 -47.295082
e 3 29 -20.131392
e 29 4 0.151264
e 29 5 -0.596937
e 29 6 -1.277570
e 0 30 -36.767930
e 1 30 -29.260368
e 2 30 -27.565575
e 3 30 -13.077637
e 30 4 0.324260
e 30 5 -1.121821
e 30 6 -0.201942
e 0 31 -0.217452
e 1 31 -0.007692
e 2 31 1.456910
e 3 31 -1.531342
e 31 4 0.113436
e 31 5 -0.015749
e 31 6 0.072576
e 0 32 0.142003
e 1 32 -0.185496
e 2 32 -0.374695
e 3 32 0.453102
e 32 4 -0.048108
e 32 5 -0.107593
e 32 6 0.114173
e 0 33 0.548468
e 1 37 1.801908
e 2 33 -0.271753
e 3 35 1.009423
e 33 4 0.788088
e 33 5 0.018989
e 33 6 -0.133818
e 0 38 -1.489908
e 1 34 -2.099576
e 2 34 0.871030
e 3 34 -1.526046
e 34 4 0.190210
e 34 5 -0.002992
e 34 6 0.148868
e 35 33 -1.280425
e 36 28 -10.434952
e 37 33 -0.475160
e 38 34 -0.055596
e 39 12 -0.591034
e 39 23 0.257975
e 0 40 3.613546
e 1 40 1.343214
e 2 40 1.298110
e 3 40 1.340774
e 40 4 -0.167829
e 40 5 0.036132
e 40 6 0.056801
e 0 41 0.368618
e 1 41 -2.281309
e 2 41 3.336576
e 3 41 0.186314
e 41 4 -0.507002
e 41 5 -0.119589
e 41 6 0.001611
e 0 42 -0.106756
e 1 42 0.170900
e 2 42 1.354660
e 3 42 -2.168963
e 42 4 0.145476
e 42 5 0.045870
e 42 6 -0.029333
e 0 43 -0.237302
e 1 43 -0.200653
e 2 43 0.949959
e 3 43 -0.040593
e 43 4 -0.452357
e 43 5 0.142167
e 43 6 -0.054407
e 0 44 0.645363
e 1 44 -0.843889
e 2 44 -1.053231
e 3 44 -0.394078
e 44 4 -0.739292
e 44 5 -0.366195
e 44 6 0.080937
e 0 45 -0.627498
e 1 45 -1.295161
e 2 45 -1.363681
e 3 45 -3.450939
e 45 4 -0.242026
e 45 5 0.114461
e 45 6 0.421567
e 0 46 -0.380771
e 1 46 0.369322
e 2 46 1.295422
e 3 46 -1.488269
e 46 4 0.132630
e 46 5 -0.010712
e 46 6 0.008341
e 0 48 -0.082612
e 1 47 1.864274
e 2 47 1.027237
e 3 47 -0.734633
e 47 4 0.024031
e 47 5 0.048154
e 47 6 -0.279099
e 48 47 -0.470400
e 0 49 -0.225971
e 1 49 1.734436
e 2 49 1.372097
e 3 49 -1.744988
e 49 4 3.707385
e 49 5 0.655150
e 49 6 -0.149376
e 0 50 -16.124827
e 1 50 -25.133644
e 2 50 -15.897930
e 3 227 -8.263295
e 50 4 -0.302634
e 50 5 -0.030560
e 50 6 0.780795
e 0 51 0.246665
e 1 51 0.044776
e 2 51 1.314815
e 3 51 -0.893172
e 51 4 0.703416
e 51 60 1.004880
e 51 6 -0.393750
e 0 52 1.386548
e 1 52 -0.237774
e 2 52 -1.612422
e 3 52 0.399735
e 52 4 0.018137
e 52 62 0.803348
e 52 6 -0.000023
e 0 53 1.170187
e 1 61 0.515434
e 2 53 -2.108380
e 3 53 -0.864258
e 53 4 -0.297976
e 53 5 0.006746
e 53 6 -0.051486
e 0 54 -14.554297
e 1 54 -18.721799
e 2 54 -12.283820
e 3 54 -3.711073
e 54 4 -0.305253
e 54 59 0.255469
e 54 68 -0.392701
e 0 55 -4.911722
e 1 55 -1.463510
e 2 55 2.295263
e 3 55 -4.177129
e 55 4 0.029671
e 55 5 0.128034
e 55 6 0.112996
e 0 56 0.053972
e 1 56 0.716742
e 2 58 0.505960
e 3 56 -0.622705
e 56 4 0.117680
e 56 5 0.039082
e 56 6 -0.068709
e 57 56 -1.164488
e 58 57 -2.409413
e 59 5 -2.166277
e 58 51 1.016760
e 60 5 1.001849
e 61 53 -1.168662
e 62 5 -1.620587
e 60 53 -1.159416
e 0 63 -0.086479
e 1 63 0.327039
e 2 157 1.541447
e 3 63 -0.907908
e 63 4 0.033408
e 63 5 -0.035806
e 63 67 0.497570
e 0 64 -0.508556
e 1 64 -0.254740
e 2 64 -0.047194
e 3 64 2.534701
e 64 4 -0.094414
e 64 5 -0.027575
e 64 6 -0.038352
e 0 65 0.575843
e 1 65 0.444848
e 2 65 0.361785
e 3 65 0.182710
e 65 4 -1.513567
e 65 5 1.581052
e 65 6 0.446709
e 0 66 2.152415
e 1 66 -0.258454
e 2 66 1.446703
e 3 66 0.041169
e 66 4 0.251319
e 66 5 -0.026205
e 66 6 -0.081864
e 67 6 -0.021653
e 68 6 -0.472969
e 40 56 -0.145520
e 0 69 -5.095269
e 1 69 -4.153874
e 2 69 3.605227
e 3 69 -5.583908
e 69 4 0.433589
e 69 5 0.143047
e 69 78 0.246556
e 0 101 -5.730414
e 1 70 -5.496455
e 2 85 -4.081875
e 3 70 -3.460188
e 70 88 0.186094
e 70 5 0.345488
e 70 76 -0.350598
e 0 71 -0.897752
e 1 71 -3.470157
e 2 87 1.574588
e 3 74 -3.718268
e 71 4 0.100937
e 71 73 0.003537
e 71 6 0.051131
e 0 72 -6.621353
e 1 72 -4.430115
e 2 72 -8.485790
e 3 72 1.906363
e 72 4 0.318030
e 72 5 -0.378730
e 72 6 -0.668592
e 73 5 0.755590
e 69 70 1.411555
e 74 71 2.403396
e 75 70 1.262472
e 76 6 0.501882
e 77 75 -0.067432
e 78 6 0.012563
e 0 79 -0.749789
e 1 79 -0.280328
e 2 79 1.377573
e 3 86 -0.900697
e 79 4 0.144806
e 79 5 0.002032
e 79 83 1.252617
e 0 80 -0.296830
e 1 80 -0.404016
e 2 80 -0.454989
e 3 80 2.597974
e 80 4 -0.125007
e 80 5 -0.037811
e 80 6 -0.009794
e 0 81 0.974511
e 1 81 0.575865
e 2 81 0.330118
e 3 81 -0.415224
e 81 4 -2.610191
e 81 5 1.158712
e 81 6 0.197547
e 0 82 2.599087
e 1 84 -0.197948
e 2 82 1.140405
e 3 82 0.775071
e 82 4 0.033752
e 82 5 -0.027646
e 82 6 -0.050692
e 83 6 0.261240
e 84 82 -1.882083
e 85 70 0.811129
e 86 79 -0.485593
e 87 71 1.673333
e 80 84 1.886108
e 88 4 -1.870952
e 69 83 1.133275
e 0 89 -0.081875
e 1 89 2.065104
e 2 89 1.326363
e 3 89 -2.734311
e 89 4 4.407167
e 89 5 0.874303
e 89 6 0.013969
e 0 90 -29.313489
e 1 90 -40.439570
e 2 90 -24.189755
e 3 90 -8.797972
e 90 4 -0.877507
e 90 5 0.193949
e 90 6 0.659707
e 0 91 -0.202821
e 1 91 0.139121
e 2 91 1.650080
e 3 91 -0.830991
e 91 4 0.015939
e 91 100 0.169638
e 91 6 0.010262
e 0 92 1.656275
e 1 92 -0.259637
e 2 92 -1.224463
e 3 92 0.368009
e 92 4 0.680394
e 92 5 0.292899
e 92 6 0.016459
e 0 93 1.295828
e 1 93 -1.018896
e 2 93 -2.835693
e 3 93 0.006030
e 93 4 0.430916
e 93 5 0.090098
e 93 6 0.129191
e 0 94 -32.662129
e 1 94 -32.611412
e 2 94 -25.567318
e 3 94 -3.802278
e 94 4 -0.880126
e 94 99 0.326147
e 94 6 -0.907760
e 0 95 -3.920919
e 1 95 -0.962060
e 2 95 3.540588
e 3 95 -5.917498
e 95 4 -0.030669
e 95 5 0.176587
e 95 6 0.081684
e 0 96 -0.018459
e 1 96 0.662767
e 2 98 2.997681
e 3 96 -1.642473
e 96 4 0.133133
e 96 5 -0.051041
e 96 6 0.086226
e 97 96 0.314943
e 98 97 1.316357
e 99 5 -2.078345
e 98 91 2.022003
e 100 5 0.637130
e 101 77 -0.689620
e 0 102 0.686389
e 1 102 -0.701645
e 2 102 -1.181705
e 3 102 -0.405948
e 102 4 -0.696970
e 102 5 -0.262766
e 102 6 -0.067637
e 0 103 -0.626508
e 1 103 -1.322923
e 2 103 -1.416680
e 3 103 -3.448998
e 103 4 -0.242026
e 103 5 0.114461
e 103 6 0.421567
e 0 104 -0.369791
e 1 104 0.362709
e 2 104 1.323935
e 3 104 -1.559737
e 104 4 0.137934
e 104 5 0.010585
e 104 6 -0.026024
e 0 106 -0.082311
e 1 105 1.864075
e 2 105 1.026625
e 3 105 -0.734891
e 105 4 0.039457
e 105 5 0.080358
e 105 6 -0.272170
e 106 105 -0.470347
e 0 107 -0.267569
e 1 107 1.839649
e 2 107 1.471058
e 3 107 -1.915816
e 107 4 3.789629
e 107 5 0.940539
e 107 6 -0.066575
e 0 108 -16.848954
e 1 108 -25.862748
e 2 108 -16.677807
e 3 108 -8.534879
e 108 4 -0.260287
e 108 5 -0.064479
e 108 6 0.832729
e 0 109 0.132253
e 1 109 -0.009879
e 2 109 1.314403
e 3 109 -0.917240
e 109 4 0.599801
e 109 118 1.025841
e 109 6 0.620652
e 0 110 1.367975
e 1 110 -0.228875
e 2 110 -1.624267
e 3 110 0.307381
e 110 4 0.077010
e 110 120 0.842387
e 110 6 0.033909
e 0 111 0.931724
e 1 119 -0.075387
e 2 111 -2.150293
e 3 126 -0.822029
e 111 4 0.470775
e 111 5 0.085239
e 111 6 0.112788
e 0 112 -15.132791
e 1 112 -19.363614
e 2 112 -12.894769
e 3 112 -3.832623
e 112 4 -0.262906
e 112 117 0.246442
e 112 6 -0.734738
e 0 113 -5.526752
e 1 113 -1.759614
e 2 113 2.161035
e 3 113 -4.375272
e 113 4 0.252758
e 113 5 0.091991
e 113 6 -0.129711
e 0 114 0.106615
e 1 114 0.651464
e 2 116 1.916454
e 3 114 -0.598373
e 114 4 -0.159383
e 114 5 -0.052882
e 114 6 0.044917
e 115 114 -1.154915
e 116 115 -2.361319
e 117 5 -2.178926
e 116 109 1.016369
e 118 5 1.041836
e 119 111 -0.874328
e 120 5 -1.519686
e 118 111 -1.198293
e 0 121 -0.453729
e 1 121 0.123394
e 2 121 1.501892
e 3 121 -1.105034
e 121 4 0.111264
e 121 5 0.014667
e 121 125 0.531313
e 0 122 -0.427611
e 1 122 -0.318493
e 2 122 -0.120553
e 3 122 2.493439
e 122 4 -0.101661
e 122 5 -0.018854
e 122 6 -0.033036
e 0 123 0.509056
e 1 123 0.465123
e 2 123 0.271969
e 3 127 0.136840
e 123 4 -1.583891
e 123 5 1.564877
e 123 6 0.461476
e 0 124 2.207429
e 1 124 -0.263849
e 2 124 1.450015
e 3 124 -0.137390
e 124 4 0.070975
e 124 5 -0.106609
e 124 6 -0.018031
e 125 6 -0.251960
e 126 111 0.025737
e 127 123 2.415116
e 115 79 0.684086
e 126 45 0.188285
e 0 138 -2.520387
e 1 128 0.332627
e 2 128 -0.144508
e 3 128 2.146806
e 128 4 0.553233
e 128 5 0.502611
e 128 137 0.278589
e 0 129 -7.475930
e 1 129 -4.531921
e 2 129 -3.306033
e 3 129 -1.638883
e 129 4 0.501148
e 129 5 -2.191045
e 129 153 2.092232
e 0 130 0.146844
e 1 130 -1.842251
e 2 136 -0.702800
e 3 130 0.853756
e 130 4 0.251943
e 130 5 0.297145
e 130 6 0.380136
e 0 131 0.970033
e 1 131 0.746618
e 2 131 1.230083
e 3 131 -0.941814
e 131 4 0.490896
e 131 5 -0.326488
e 131 156 1.688878
e 0 132 -0.084260
e 1 132 0.190177
e 2 132 1.286170
e 3 132 -1.797890
e 132 4 0.128573
e 132 5 -0.013547
e 132 6 0.078300
e 0 133 0.172943
e 1 133 -0.123362
e 2 133 -0.542411
e 3 133 0.490291
e 133 4 -0.049866
e 133 5 -0.036396
e 133 6 0.029298
e 0 134 0.309663
e 1 134 1.611375
e 2 134 -0.753020
e 3 134 0.915926
e 134 4 -0.464434
e 134 5 -0.188875
e 134 6 0.013307
e 0 135 -2.043906
e 1 135 -1.717679
e 2 135 0.801721
e 3 135 -1.379888
e 135 4 -0.531785
e 135 5 -0.003850
e 135 6 0.029693
e 136 130 0.778549
e 137 6 0.160637
e 138 128 -0.924049
e 0 139 -1.528449
e 1 139 0.284215
e 2 139 0.140502
e 3 139 0.617561
e 139 4 1.051395
e 139 5 0.364787
e 139 6 0.113767
e 0 140 2.274680
e 1 140 0.882583
e 2 140 0.331260
e 3 140 0.406366
e 140 4 -0.756072
e 140 5 -1.981781
e 140 6 0.665725
e 0 141 -1.448938
e 1 141 -0.497172
e 2 141 -0.150222
e 3 141 1.760919
e 141 4 -0.657520
e 141 5 -0.240272
e 141 6 -0.097811
e 0 142 -0.794257
e 1 155 0.301766
e 2 142 1.278323
e 3 142 0.264702
e 142 143 0.467719
e 142 5 0.026811
e 142 6 -0.116847
e 143 4 0.159829
e 137 132 -1.439674
e 0 144 1.652357
e 1 149 0.597762
e 2 144 -0.137994
e 3 144 0.637085
e 144 4 -0.554203
e 144 5 -0.122782
e 144 6 -0.040040
e 0 145 -0.540318
e 1 145 -0.356934
e 2 145 -6.056924
e 3 150 -1.519722
e 145 148 -0.161093
e 145 5 -1.192076
e 145 6 -0.258831
e 0 146 0.206905
e 1 146 -1.113932
e 2 146 -0.882267
e 3 146 1.897055
e 146 4 0.539768
e 146 5 -0.009722
e 146 152 -0.003474
e 0 147 -0.606093
e 1 147 0.417654
e 2 147 1.524981
e 3 147 -1.327307
e 147 4 0.131824
e 147 151 -0.373744
e 147 154 -0.026157
e 148 4 1.423449
e 149 144 -2.719811
e 150 145 0.788565
e 151 5 0.064162
e 152 6 -0.373754
e 153 6 1.288376
e 154 6 0.405110
e 145 139 -2.065962
e 155 142 -1.072804
e 156 6 0.207939
e 73 84 -1.967951
e 51 92 -0.680722
e 157 63 0.107585
e 0 158 -0.324310
e 1 158 -1.016987
e 2 162 -1.113065
e 3 158 2.127267
e 158 4 -0.264109
e 158 5 -0.045196
e 158 6 0.163281
e 0 159 -1.237411
e 1 159 -1.784649
e 2 159 1.854698
e 3 159 0.331639
e 159 4 0.056668
e 159 5 -0.020568
e 159 6 0.780061
e 0 160 -0.195927
e 1 179 0.336997
e 2 160 1.102476
e 3 160 -0.137818
e 160 4 0.130294
e 160 5 -0.049400
e 160 6 0.116386
e 0 161 -0.335081
e 1 161 2.441103
e 2 161 1.764757
e 3 161 -3.095303
e 161 4 3.381410
e 161 5 0.536282
e 161 6 -0.317806
e 2 6 0.004816
e 162 158 -1.398920
e 0 163 1.114708
e 1 225 1.314388
e 2 163 0.378938
e 3 163 0.074400
e 163 4 0.509983
e 163 5 0.065084
e 163 6 -0.093149
e 0 164 -1.065845
e 1 164 -0.416071
e 2 164 -0.794258
e 3 164 0.283874
e 164 4 0.100371
e 164 5 -0.713945
e 164 6 0.087378
e 0 165 -1.054444
e 1 165 0.909619
e 2 165 -0.844599
e 3 165 0.891084
e 165 178 0.664009
e 165 5 0.092417
e 165 6 0.235558
e 0 166 0.111647
e 1 166 0.489063
e 2 177 0.416914
e 3 166 -1.766520
e 166 167 10.435808
e 166 5 -0.142127
e 166 6 0.293211
e 167 173 0.153620
e 0 168 1.612905
e 1 168 -0.513337
e 2 180 -0.718329
e 3 175 -1.507377
e 168 4 0.536868
e 168 5 0.028096
e 168 6 -0.063996
e 0 169 -13.292770
e 1 169 -11.810631
e 2 169 -7.747870
e 3 169 -3.858921
e 169 4 0.317749
e 169 172 0.373499
e 169 6 -0.262693
e 0 170 -1.091687
e 1 170 -0.376818
e 2 170 1.727792
e 3 170 -2.590182
e 170 174 0.387630
e 170 5 -0.012778
e 170 6 0.025856
e 0 171 -0.021379
e 1 171 0.363539
e 2 171 0.543246
e 3 176 -0.650402
e 171 4 0.118763
e 171 5 0.143547
e 171 6 -0.125968
e 172 5 -0.736493
e 173 4 -0.203734
e 174 4 -1.754653
e 175 168 -0.348339
e 175 172 -0.156382
e 176 171 1.666081
e 176 159 0.945595
e 177 166 0.999016
e 178 4 0.092210
e 179 160 -0.978281
e 180 168 0.373235
e 0 181 1.363708
e 1 181 0.977764
e 2 181 1.618967
e 3 181 -0.086196
e 181 4 0.400852
e 181 5 -0.023056
e 181 6 -0.029582
e 0 182 0.398682
e 1 182 1.055075
e 2 182 -0.423091
e 3 182 1.030305
e 182 186 0.524972
e 182 5 -0.303642
e 182 6 0.059018
e 0 183 -0.174445
e 1 185 -0.325639
e 2 183 3.556995
e 3 183 -0.480082
e 183 4 0.220529
e 183 5 0.271786
e 183 6 0.237319
e 0 184 -2.529100
e 1 184 -1.882604
e 2 184 -1.280796
e 3 191 -0.556379
e 184 4 -0.222671
e 184 5 0.117060
e 184 6 0.183604
e 185 183 0.465088
e 186 4 -0.606034
e 0 187 -0.239482
e 1 187 -0.678498
e 2 187 0.693755
e 3 187 0.254036
e 187 4 0.270532
e 187 5 -0.135339
e 187 6 -0.306942
e 0 188 1.211830
e 1 188 -0.508023
e 2 188 1.220309
e 3 188 -1.873217
e 188 4 -1.778554
e 188 5 -0.076650
e 188 6 -0.416985
e 0 189 -0.989530
e 1 189 0.498073
e 2 189 1.593564
e 3 189 1.138066
e 189 4 0.604681
e 189 5 -0.279814
e 189 6 -0.388977
e 0 190 -3.854341
e 1 190 -2.839512
e 2 190 -2.721025
e 3 190 -1.109272
e 190 4 0.274130
e 190 5 -0.020783
e 190 6 -0.209695
e 191 184 -0.521890
e 0 192 -29.862765
e 1 192 -23.187848
e 2 192 -13.275080
e 3 192 -3.158505
e 192 4 -0.814495
e 192 5 0.148736
e 192 6 -0.221401
e 0 193 0.092345
e 1 193 1.995340
e 2 193 -0.044538
e 3 193 0.198856
e 193 4 1.752981
e 193 5 1.051378
e 193 6 1.033988
e 0 194 -0.353787
e 1 194 1.200122
e 2 194 2.028599
e 3 194 -1.844049
e 194 4 3.433682
e 194 5 0.090949
e 194 6 0.204101
e 0 195 -2.035398
e 1 195 -0.532032
e 2 195 0.051589
e 3 195 -2.853830
e 195 4 -0.007771
e 195 5 0.038239
e 195 6 0.116224
e 0 196 -21.772066
e 1 196 -14.467382
e 2 196 -17.448692
e 3 196 -1.784543
e 196 4 -0.687031
e 196 5 -0.213487
e 196 6 -0.221324
e 0 197 2.335665
e 1 197 -0.377827
e 2 197 -0.584163
e 3 197 -0.243787
e 197 4 1.324436
e 197 5 -0.310044
e 197 6 -0.286337
e 0 198 -1.312394
e 1 198 0.370242
e 2 198 1.383531
e 3 198 0.162972
e 198 4 0.026944
e 198 5 0.155575
e 198 6 -0.138867
e 0 199 -0.161028
e 1 199 -0.063574
e 2 199 1.679930
e 3 199 0.493083
e 199 4 -0.012778
e 199 5 0.296705
e 199 6 0.446836
e 0 200 0.762017
e 1 200 -0.849451
e 2 200 -1.083462
e 3 200 -0.332647
e 200 4 -0.137378
e 200 5 -0.218470
e 200 6 -0.197714
e 0 201 -0.487155
e 1 201 -1.247778
e 2 201 -1.343613
e 3 201 -3.408207
e 201 4 -0.242026
e 201 5 0.114461
e 201 6 0.421567
e 0 202 -0.419531
e 1 202 0.474663
e 2 202 1.381285
e 3 202 -1.648543
e 202 4 0.196655
e 202 5 -0.008438
e 202 6 -0.015020
e 0 204 -0.079723
e 1 203 1.863704
e 2 203 1.023907
e 3 203 -0.736356
e 203 4 0.023525
e 203 5 0.046007
e 203 6 -0.294570
e 204 203 -0.469901
e 0 205 -0.263904
e 1 205 1.534654
e 2 205 1.543071
e 3 205 -1.637356
e 205 4 3.618561
e 205 5 0.638815
e 205 224 -0.206172
e 0 206 -15.054940
e 1 206 -24.848119
e 2 206 -15.898952
e 3 206 -8.049861
e 206 4 -0.400907
e 206 5 0.078222
e 206 6 1.100293
e 0 207 0.247230
e 1 207 0.049820
e 2 207 1.323750
e 3 207 -0.894174
e 207 4 0.537773
e 207 216 1.158326
e 207 6 -0.364210
e 0 208 1.346016
e 1 208 -0.417359
e 2 208 -1.598116
e 3 208 0.367432
e 208 4 0.361838
e 208 228 0.850796
e 208 6 0.054832
e 0 209 0.526350
e 1 217 1.629931
e 2 226 -3.022717
e 3 209 -1.045766
e 209 4 -0.211604
e 209 5 -0.071675
e 209 6 0.052321
e 0 210 -15.041804
e 1 210 -19.484586
e 2 210 -12.778780
e 3 210 -3.785619
e 210 4 -0.403526
e 210 215 0.288012
e 210 6 -0.467175
e 0 211 -4.805715
e 1 211 -1.305834
e 2 211 2.456971
e 3 211 -4.236403
e 211 4 0.181832
e 211 5 0.111215
e 211 6 0.150865
e 0 212 0.025272
e 1 212 0.794921
e 2 214 0.457248
e 3 212 -0.679802
e 212 4 0.130439
e 212 5 -0.043903
e 212 6 -0.018904
e 213 212 -1.218395
e 214 213 -2.313665
e 215 5 -2.124391
e 214 207 1.017267
e 216 5 1.019679
e 217 209 -1.172536
e 218 5 -1.517048
e 216 209 -1.276735
e 0 219 -0.468970
e 1 219 0.216557
e 2 219 1.526533
e 3 219 -1.171179
e 219 4 0.170413
e 219 5 -0.006289
e 219 223 0.502856
e 0 220 -0.442891
e 1 220 -0.345631
e 2 220 -0.134092
e 3 220 2.567110
e 220 4 -0.118385
e 220 5 -0.040099
e 220 6 -0.054549
e 0 221 0.493243
e 1 221 0.435720
e 2 221 0.335699
e 3 221 0.154492
e 221 4 -1.529610
e 221 5 1.604278
e 221 6 0.467324
e 0 222 2.363079
e 1 222 -0.267563
e 2 222 1.398998
e 3 222 -0.471119
e 222 4 0.338850
e 222 5 0.011010
e 222 6 -0.062934
e 223 6 0.236605
e 224 6 1.552353
e 188 194 -1.468631
e 164 220 0.617274
e 225 163 -0.488173
e 185 179 -0.055132
e 226 209 1.377807
e 227 50 0.066881
e 228 218 -0.279392
