n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden gaussian
n 8 hidden relu
n 9 hidden sigmoid
n 10 hidden tanh
n 11 hidden sine
n 12 hidden relu
n 13 hidden relu
n 14 hidden identity
n 15 hidden relu
n 16 hidden sine
n 17 hidden gaussian
n 18 hidden relu
n 19 hidden relu
n 20 hidden sigmoid
n 21 hidden sine
n 22 hidden relu
n 23 hidden sigmoid
n 24 hidden sine
n 25 hidden tanh
n 26 hidden identity
n 27 hidden gaussian
n 28 hidden tanh
n 29 hidden identity
n 30 hidden identity
n 31 hidden gaussian
n 32 hidden sine
n 33 hidden sigmoid
n 34 hidden tanh
n 35 hidden sine
n 36 hidden tanh
n 37 hidden gaussian
n 38 hidden sine
n 39 hidden gaussian
n 40 hidden relu
n 41 hidden sigmoid
n 42 hidden tanh
n 43 hidden sine
n 44 hidden relu
n 45 hidden relu
n 46 hidden identity
n 47 hidden relu
n 48 hidden sine
n 49 hidden gaussian
n 50 hidden relu
n 51 hidden relu
n 52 hidden tanh
n 53 hidden sigmoid
n 54 hidden identity
n 55 hidden gaussian
n 56 hidden identity
n 57 hidden gaussian
n 58 hidden relu
n 59 hidden sigmoid
n 60 hidden tanh
n 61 hidden sine
n 62 hidden relu
n 63 hidden relu
n 64 hidden identity
n 65 hidden relu
n 66 hidden sine
n 67 hidden gaussian
n 68 hidden relu
n 69 hidden sine
n 70 hidden gaussian
n 71 hidden identity
n 72 hidden identity
n 73 hidden gaussian
n 74 hidden sine
n 75 hidden sigmoid
n 76 hidden sine
n 77 hidden gaussian
n 78 hidden relu
n 79 hidden sine
n 80 hidden sigmoid
n 81 hidden sigmoid
n 82 hidden sine
n 83 hidden sine
n 84 hidden sine
n 85 hidden sigmoid
n 86 hidden gaussian
n 87 hidden tanh
n 88 hidden relu
n 89 hidden sine
n 90 hidden relu
n 91 hidden gaussian
n 92 hidden gaussian
n 93 hidden relu
n 94 hidden relu
n 95 hidden gaussian
n 96 hidden gaussian
n 97 hidden tanh
n 98 hidden tanh
n 99 hidden sigmoid
n 100 hidden identity
n 101 hidden gaussian
n 102 hidden identity
n 103 hidden gaussian
n 104 hidden relu
n 105 hidden sigmoid
n 106 hidden tanh
n 107 hidden sine
n 108 hidden relu
n 109 hidden relu
n 110 hidden identity
n 111 hidden relu
n 112 hidden sine
n 113 hidden gaussian
n 114 hidden relu
n 115 hidden sine
n 116 hidden gaussian
n 117 hidden identity
n 118 hidden identity
n 119 hidden gaussian
n 120 hidden sine
n 121 hidden sigmoid
n 122 hidden tanh
n 123 hidden sigmoid
n 124 hidden identity
n 125 hidden sigmoid
n 126 hidden sine
n 127 hidden tanh
n 128 hidden gaussian
n 129 hidden sine
n 130 hidden gaussian
n 131 hidden sigmoid
n 132 hidden identity
n 133 hidden sine
n 134 hidden identity
n 135 hidden tanh
n 136 hidden gaussian
n 137 hidden identity
n 138 hidden tanh
n 139 hidden identity
n 140 hidden relu
n 141 hidden tanh
n 142 hidden relu
n 143 hidden sine
n 144 hidden relu
n 145 hidden gaussian
n 146 hidden sine
n 147 hidden sigmoid
n 148 hidden tanh
n 149 hidden identity
n 150 hidden gaussian
n 151 hidden sine
n 152 hidden sine
n 153 hidden sigmoid
n 154 hidden sigmoid
n 155 hidden sigmoid
n 156 hidden identity
n 157 hidden identity
n 158 hidden tanh
n 159 hidden sine
n 160 hidden tanh
n 161 hidden identity
n 162 hidden gaussian
n 163 hidden identity
n 164 hidden sigmoid
n 165 hidden relu
n 166 hidden sigmoid
n 167 hidden sine
n 168 hidden relu
n 169 hidden sigmoid
n 170 hidden sine
n 171 hidden tanh
n 172 hidden identity
n 173 hidden gaussian
n 174 hidden tanh
n 175 hidden identity
n 176 hidden identity
n 177 hidden gaussian
n 178 hidden sine
n 179 hidden sigmoid
n 180 hidden tanh
n 181 hidden tanh
n 182 hidden gaussian
n 183 hidden sigmoid
n 184 hidden relu
n 185 hidden sigmoid
n 186 hidden gaussian
n 187 hidden sigmoid
n 188 hidden relu
n 189 hidden relu
n 190 hidden tanh
n 191 hidden relu
n 192 hidden sine
n 193 hidden relu
n 194 hidden gaussian
n 195 hidden sine
n 196 hidden sigmoid
n 197 hidden tanh
n 198 hidden identity
n 199 hidden gaussian
n 200 hidden sine
n 201 hidden sine
n 202 hidden sigmoid
n 203 hidden sigmoid
n 204 hidden sigmoid
n 205 hidden identity
n 206 hidden identity
n 207 hidden tanh
n 208 hidden sine
n 209 hidden tanh
n 210 hidden identity
n 211 hidden gaussian
n 212 hidden identity
n 213 hidden relu
n 214 hidden relu
n 215 hidden gaussian
n 216 hidden identity
n 217 hidden sigmoid
n 218 hidden sigmoid
n 219 hidden sigmoid
n 220 hidden identity
n 221 hidden sigmoid
n 222 hidden tanh
n 223 hidden sine
n 224 hidden gaussian
n 225 hidden gaussian
n 226 hidden sigmoid
n 227 hidden tanh
n 228 hidden tanh
n 229 hidden identity
n 230 hidden tanh
n 231 hidden sigmoid
n 232 hidden tanh
n 233 hidden sigmoid
n 234 hidden gaussian
n 235 hidden sine
n 236 hidden sigmoid
n 237 hidden sigmoid
n 238 hidden sine
n 239 hidden sine
n 240 hidden tanh
n 241 hidden gaussian
n 242 hidden tanh
n 243 hidden gaussian
n 244 hidden gaussian
n 245 hidden gaussian
n 246 hidden identity
n 247 hidden relu
n 248 hidden relu
n 249 hidden gaussian
n 250 hidden identity
n 251 hidden identity
n 252 hidden sigmoid
n 253 hidden sigmoid
n 254 hidden gaussian
n 255 hidden sine
n 256 hidden relu
n 257 hidden identity
n 258 hidden sigmoid
n 259 hidden sine
n 260 hidden gaussian
n 261 hidden identity
n 262 hidden relu
n 263 hidden relu
n 264 hidden sigmoid
e 0 7 -0.108256
e 1 7 2.243418
e 2 7 1.418656
e 3 7 -2.800693
e 7 4 4.488176
e 7 5 0.793864
e 7 6 -0.006059
e 0 8 -27.486702
e 1 8 -40.961134
e 2 8 -21.442351
e 3 8 -8.288253
e 8 4 -1.057155
e 8 5 0.410860
e 8 6 0.816291
e 0 9 -0.210911
e 1 9 0.026830
e 2 9 1.704073
e 3 9 -0.943118
e 9 4 0.485053
e 9 18 0.175800
e 9 6 0.065632
e 0 10 1.560887
e 1 10 -0.393710
e 2 10 -1.303273
e 3 10 0.313690
e 10 4 0.381399
e 10 5 0.112234
e 10 6 0.060917
e 0 11 1.402954
e 1 11 -0.601449
e 2 11 -3.161525
e 3 11 0.132935
e 11 4 0.056945
e 11 5 -0.085630
e 11 6 0.090011
e 0 12 -34.925458
e 1 12 -33.375929
e 2 12 -26.184698
e 3 12 -3.592953
e 12 4 -1.059774
e 12 17 0.386915
e 12 6 -0.751177
e 0 13 -2.400358
e 1 13 -0.241465
e 2 13 4.110782
e 3 13 -5.922219
e 13 4 0.034633
e 13 5 0.022931
e 13 6 -0.010390
e 0 14 0.020890
e 1 14 0.703447
e 2 16 2.580979
e 3 14 -1.919767
e 14 4 0.175060
e 14 5 0.022042
e 14 6 -0.044362
e 15 14 0.269057
e 16 15 1.271539
e 17 5 -1.996832
e 16 9 0.958983
e 18 5 0.040304
e 0 19 -4.885444
e 1 19 -3.934528
e 2 19 3.695682
e 3 19 -5.485429
e 19 4 0.560795
e 19 5 0.164289
e 19 28 0.248186
e 0 51 -5.730414
e 1 20 -5.490107
e 2 35 -4.045922
e 3 20 -3.462462
e 20 38 0.149997
e 20 5 0.346299
e 20 26 -0.352763
e 0 21 -0.482069
e 1 21 -2.726859
e 2 37 1.588241
e 3 24 -2.840477
e 21 4 -0.318517
e 21 23 -0.073774
e 21 6 -0.051421
e 0 22 -6.304864
e 1 22 -4.369302
e 2 22 -8.393934
e 3 22 2.004168
e 22 4 0.328313
e 22 5 -0.385920
e 22 6 -0.623972
e 23 5 0.851274
e 19 20 1.404805
e 24 21 2.433000
e 25 20 1.262790
e 26 6 0.503397
e 27 25 -0.068111
e 28 6 0.050802
e 0 29 -0.775725
e 1 29 -0.304663
e 2 29 1.503338
e 3 36 -0.900924
e 29 4 0.032246
e 29 5 -0.063901
e 29 33 1.247082
e 0 30 -0.402264
e 1 30 -0.362673
e 2 30 -0.440937
e 3 30 2.580790
e 30 4 -0.064461
e 30 5 -0.054786
e 30 6 -0.008965
e 0 31 0.826493
e 1 31 0.574312
e 2 31 0.129393
e 3 31 -0.500387
e 31 4 -2.693113
e 31 5 1.145964
e 31 78 0.237663
e 0 32 2.380495
e 1 34 -0.266348
e 2 32 1.209274
e 3 32 0.764507
e 32 4 0.237655
e 32 5 -0.015527
e 32 6 -0.062628
e 33 6 0.393375
e 34 32 -1.850433
e 35 20 0.715792
e 36 29 -0.503416
e 37 21 1.615025
e 30 34 1.896460
e 38 4 -1.867356
e 19 33 1.120874
e 0 39 -0.132913
e 1 39 2.035193
e 2 39 1.502491
e 3 39 -2.556534
e 39 4 4.285132
e 39 5 0.909119
e 39 6 -0.069329
e 0 40 -28.580554
e 1 40 -39.844603
e 2 40 -23.777724
e 3 40 -8.657310
e 40 4 -0.867225
e 40 5 0.186759
e 40 6 0.704327
e 0 41 -0.717875
e 1 41 -0.181138
e 2 41 1.517531
e 3 41 -0.907507
e 41 4 0.637289
e 41 50 0.223647
e 41 6 0.096751
e 0 42 1.446313
e 1 42 -0.492957
e 2 42 -1.402137
e 3 42 0.298091
e 42 4 0.046067
e 42 5 0.281901
e 42 6 0.031663
e 0 43 1.383240
e 1 43 -0.833898
e 2 43 -2.991143
e 3 43 -0.071214
e 43 4 -0.015095
e 43 5 0.180400
e 43 6 0.076117
e 0 44 -32.040967
e 1 44 -32.393058
e 2 44 -25.287248
e 3 44 -3.730367
e 44 4 -0.869844
e 44 49 0.324107
e 44 6 -0.863141
e 0 45 -3.539660
e 1 45 -0.672671
e 2 45 3.773088
e 3 45 -5.806158
e 45 4 -0.047343
e 45 5 -0.028783
e 45 6 -0.133847
e 0 46 -0.107479
e 1 46 0.795575
e 2 48 2.556067
e 3 46 -1.640152
e 46 4 0.138024
e 46 5 0.016254
e 46 6 0.038137
e 47 46 0.228040
e 48 47 1.293543
e 49 5 -2.080996
e 48 41 1.682069
e 50 5 0.668185
e 51 27 -0.689700
e 0 52 0.681132
e 1 52 -0.801179
e 2 52 -1.107418
e 3 52 -0.383403
e 52 4 -0.591397
e 52 5 -0.335340
e 52 6 -0.213375
e 0 53 -0.602104
e 1 53 -1.286663
e 2 53 -1.397011
e 3 53 -3.445124
e 53 4 -0.242026
e 53 5 0.114461
e 53 6 0.421567
e 0 54 -0.412900
e 1 54 0.408412
e 2 54 1.416545
e 3 54 -1.555484
e 54 4 0.144593
e 54 5 0.000104
e 54 6 0.032737
e 0 56 -0.080579
e 1 55 1.863869
e 2 55 1.024522
e 3 55 -0.735925
e 55 4 0.029207
e 55 5 0.079746
e 55 6 -0.282954
e 56 55 -0.470047
e 0 57 -0.235485
e 1 57 1.828932
e 2 57 1.536963
e 3 57 -1.816734
e 57 4 3.715429
e 57 5 0.944013
e 57 6 -0.151521
e 0 58 -16.260198
e 1 58 -25.334533
e 2 58 -16.356027
e 3 58 -8.378292
e 58 4 -0.250004
e 58 5 -0.071669
e 58 6 0.877349
e 0 59 0.178534
e 1 59 0.022189
e 2 59 1.316972
e 3 59 -0.903796
e 59 4 0.607693
e 59 68 1.069281
e 59 6 0.282547
e 0 60 1.237473
e 1 60 -0.287843
e 2 60 -1.730629
e 3 60 0.250987
e 60 4 0.257217
e 60 70 0.826095
e 60 6 0.042306
e 0 61 1.029813
e 1 69 0.163594
e 2 61 -2.086912
e 3 76 -0.826678
e 61 4 0.322484
e 61 5 0.114425
e 61 6 0.181412
e 0 62 -14.677452
e 1 62 -19.204680
e 2 62 -12.720274
e 3 62 -3.746518
e 62 4 -0.252623
e 62 67 0.244267
e 62 6 -0.690119
e 0 63 -5.172715
e 1 63 -1.533616
e 2 63 2.292646
e 3 63 -4.254322
e 63 4 0.253780
e 63 5 0.116496
e 63 6 -0.143834
e 0 64 0.019371
e 1 64 0.758070
e 2 66 1.083705
e 3 64 -0.622315
e 64 4 0.116652
e 64 5 0.060712
e 64 6 0.008333
e 65 64 -1.169316
e 66 65 -2.547643
e 67 5 -2.181633
e 66 59 1.020779
e 68 5 0.923866
e 69 61 -0.963998
e 70 5 -1.567725
e 68 61 -1.355099
e 0 71 -0.484086
e 1 71 0.119728
e 2 71 1.601829
e 3 71 -1.097366
e 71 4 0.107744
e 71 5 0.007026
e 71 75 0.531345
e 0 72 -0.432503
e 1 72 -0.351391
e 2 72 -0.104287
e 3 72 2.503053
e 72 4 -0.072443
e 72 5 -0.019415
e 72 6 -0.037140
e 0 73 0.495869
e 1 73 0.457316
e 2 73 0.251969
e 3 77 0.139877
e 73 4 -1.596411
e 73 5 1.564815
e 73 6 0.465397
e 0 74 2.241703
e 1 74 -0.265087
e 2 74 1.305361
e 3 74 -0.241898
e 74 4 0.237839
e 74 5 -0.047181
e 74 6 -0.069613
e 75 6 -0.177688
e 76 61 0.045798
e 77 73 2.411706
e 65 29 0.642452
e 78 6 0.602440
e 3 35 0.773195
e 0 79 2.489892
e 1 79 1.447370
e 2 79 1.699352
e 3 79 0.119423
e 79 4 -0.113753
e 79 5 -0.088568
e 79 6 0.014803
e 0 80 0.397059
e 1 80 1.054550
e 2 80 -0.426183
e 3 80 1.029086
e 80 84 0.463342
e 80 5 -0.301257
e 80 6 0.021280
e 0 81 -0.172786
e 1 124 -0.319418
e 2 81 3.559961
e 3 81 -0.476772
e 81 4 0.312740
e 81 5 0.090334
e 81 6 0.230751
e 0 82 -2.711309
e 1 82 -1.464721
e 2 82 -1.036493
e 3 89 -0.584109
e 82 4 -0.148622
e 82 5 0.007390
e 82 6 0.129194
e 83 81 0.459782
e 84 4 -0.537799
e 0 85 -0.318832
e 1 85 -0.900293
e 2 85 0.714087
e 3 85 0.226737
e 85 4 -0.128856
e 85 5 -0.126695
e 85 6 -0.059317
e 0 86 1.177470
e 1 86 0.107991
e 2 86 1.327744
e 3 86 -1.769872
e 86 4 -1.597673
e 86 5 -0.072484
e 86 6 -0.453380
e 0 87 -0.957603
e 1 87 0.642185
e 2 87 1.519897
e 3 87 1.425713
e 87 4 0.834447
e 87 5 0.106799
e 87 6 -0.117436
e 0 88 -4.296397
e 1 88 -3.358465
e 2 88 -2.711377
e 3 88 -1.213154
e 88 4 0.361117
e 88 5 -0.022757
e 88 6 -0.254921
e 89 82 -0.554231
e 0 90 -30.169636
e 1 90 -23.191540
e 2 90 -13.879472
e 3 90 -3.356888
e 90 4 -0.727508
e 90 5 0.146762
e 90 6 -0.266628
e 0 91 -0.075422
e 1 91 1.673731
e 2 91 -0.175881
e 3 91 0.046749
e 91 4 1.830500
e 91 5 1.131829
e 91 6 1.120497
e 0 92 -0.132772
e 1 92 1.324289
e 2 92 2.207742
e 3 92 -1.899914
e 92 4 3.464394
e 92 5 0.368476
e 92 6 0.356066
e 0 93 -2.504713
e 1 93 -0.786502
e 2 93 0.068515
e 3 93 -2.996196
e 93 4 0.131620
e 93 5 0.048483
e 93 6 0.086666
e 0 94 -21.979509
e 1 94 -14.548546
e 2 94 -17.931107
e 3 94 -1.971127
e 94 4 -0.600044
e 94 5 -0.215460
e 94 6 -0.266551
e 0 95 2.360243
e 1 95 -0.640147
e 2 95 -0.639702
e 3 95 -0.302192
e 95 4 1.414402
e 95 5 -0.440388
e 95 6 -0.267928
e 0 96 -1.190645
e 1 96 0.461074
e 2 96 1.410187
e 3 96 0.165362
e 96 4 -0.112295
e 96 5 -0.019644
e 96 6 -0.180578
e 0 97 -0.193421
e 1 97 -0.030777
e 2 97 1.682899
e 3 97 0.493671
e 97 4 0.000637
e 97 5 0.173607
e 97 6 0.526788
e 0 98 0.548919
e 1 98 -0.573189
e 2 98 -1.339716
e 3 98 -0.158882
e 98 4 0.319090
e 98 5 -0.151035
e 98 6 -0.079677
e 0 99 -0.533761
e 1 99 -1.213579
e 2 99 -1.388174
e 3 99 -3.418248
e 99 4 -0.242026
e 99 5 0.114461
e 99 6 0.421567
e 0 100 -0.404220
e 1 100 0.369638
e 2 100 1.480182
e 3 100 -1.590872
e 100 4 0.146211
e 100 5 0.004920
e 100 6 0.025786
e 0 102 -0.081489
e 1 101 1.864152
e 2 101 1.025702
e 3 101 -0.735423
e 101 4 0.032583
e 101 5 0.068846
e 101 6 -0.280998
e 102 101 -0.470204
e 0 103 -0.154808
e 1 103 1.900052
e 2 103 1.284485
e 3 103 -1.810387
e 103 4 3.719482
e 103 5 0.880322
e 103 122 -0.063397
e 0 104 -16.127819
e 1 104 -24.904414
e 2 104 -16.620804
e 3 104 -8.412798
e 104 4 -0.313920
e 104 5 0.076249
e 104 6 1.055066
e 0 105 0.244926
e 1 105 0.042169
e 2 105 1.319951
e 3 105 -0.894103
e 105 4 0.624259
e 105 114 0.811993
e 105 6 -0.368938
e 0 106 1.350111
e 1 106 -0.428742
e 2 106 -1.578783
e 3 106 0.380755
e 106 4 0.213034
e 106 116 0.847884
e 106 6 0.116764
e 0 107 1.204898
e 1 115 0.332231
e 2 107 -2.242278
e 3 107 -0.776956
e 107 4 -0.089801
e 107 5 0.118288
e 107 6 0.059378
e 0 108 -15.135106
e 1 108 -19.589836
e 2 108 -13.067379
e 3 108 -3.893192
e 108 4 -0.316539
e 108 113 0.291037
e 108 6 -0.512401
e 0 109 -5.436905
e 1 109 -1.787912
e 2 109 2.285675
e 3 109 -4.357798
e 109 4 0.223741
e 109 5 0.109137
e 109 6 -0.000315
e 0 123 -0.071023
e 1 110 0.727493
e 2 112 0.502792
e 3 110 -0.676715
e 110 4 0.231837
e 110 5 0.095921
e 110 6 0.023786
e 111 110 -1.215663
e 112 111 -2.251433
e 113 5 -2.123567
e 112 105 1.016108
e 114 5 0.958289
e 115 107 -1.139409
e 116 5 -1.530692
e 114 107 -1.033203
e 0 117 -0.486579
e 1 117 0.092463
e 2 117 1.674898
e 3 117 -1.136832
e 117 4 0.113729
e 117 5 -0.002271
e 117 121 0.501766
e 0 118 -0.422121
e 1 118 -0.346302
e 2 118 -0.137525
e 3 118 2.505717
e 118 4 -0.071339
e 118 5 -0.035417
e 118 6 -0.006008
e 0 119 0.473788
e 1 119 0.445000
e 2 119 0.259777
e 3 119 0.132199
e 119 4 -1.568983
e 119 5 1.603375
e 119 6 0.459934
e 0 120 2.150043
e 1 120 -0.191117
e 2 120 1.344206
e 3 120 -0.242398
e 120 4 0.031704
e 120 5 -0.060779
e 120 6 -0.042611
e 121 6 0.142496
e 122 6 1.489224
e 86 92 -1.453903
e 104 91 1.476182
e 123 110 1.045098
e 79 109 -1.461341
e 124 83 1.034297
e 99 96 0.096654
e 0 125 -0.063659
e 1 125 -1.269742
e 2 125 -1.689424
e 3 125 -1.915820
e 125 4 0.313852
e 125 5 -0.236894
e 125 6 -1.744695
e 0 126 10.402334
e 1 126 8.322289
e 2 126 5.484780
e 3 126 2.284496
e 126 4 -0.009140
e 126 5 0.005216
e 126 6 -0.055491
e 0 127 0.844552
e 1 127 1.489819
e 2 127 -0.082999
e 3 127 0.554071
e 127 4 0.570599
e 127 5 0.823115
e 127 6 -0.175199
e 0 128 3.097033
e 1 128 -0.688922
e 2 128 -0.204779
e 3 128 -0.751340
e 128 4 1.309969
e 128 5 0.061692
e 128 6 -0.779765
e 0 129 -1.344847
e 1 129 -0.067723
e 2 139 -0.809741
e 3 129 -0.835770
e 129 4 -0.091219
e 129 5 0.005157
e 129 6 0.107872
e 0 130 -1.065935
e 1 130 -0.416484
e 2 130 -0.792406
e 3 188 0.284393
e 130 4 0.087834
e 130 5 -0.713576
e 130 6 0.088144
e 0 131 -0.256202
e 1 131 0.440689
e 2 131 0.038682
e 3 131 1.075119
e 131 4 0.622322
e 131 5 -0.060228
e 131 6 0.433917
e 0 132 -0.116806
e 1 132 0.329618
e 2 132 1.168430
e 3 132 -2.076935
e 132 4 0.115773
e 132 5 0.056482
e 132 6 0.013668
e 123 6 -0.140897
e 0 138 -0.725925
e 1 264 -1.706783
e 2 133 1.474284
e 3 133 -0.320637
e 133 164 0.025497
e 133 5 -0.113288
e 133 6 -0.015111
e 0 134 0.198890
e 1 134 0.060968
e 2 134 -0.832966
e 3 134 0.217567
e 134 4 -0.001751
e 134 5 -0.054761
e 134 6 0.034399
e 0 135 -0.158290
e 1 135 1.093563
e 2 135 -1.309759
e 3 135 -1.787200
e 135 4 0.659803
e 135 5 -0.078771
e 135 6 -0.194616
e 0 136 2.243407
e 1 136 -1.791640
e 2 136 1.331221
e 3 136 -0.508981
e 136 4 -2.529727
e 136 137 -0.583225
e 136 6 0.516740
e 137 5 -0.660555
e 138 133 2.393284
e 139 129 -1.196989
e 0 140 -4.145027
e 1 140 -2.885600
e 2 140 -1.421526
e 3 140 -0.553595
e 140 4 0.160116
e 140 5 -0.007560
e 140 6 0.086518
e 0 141 -0.660069
e 1 141 1.189361
e 2 141 0.106686
e 3 141 -1.167623
e 141 4 0.302232
e 141 5 -0.154953
e 141 6 -0.094492
e 0 142 0.098224
e 1 142 -1.069047
e 2 142 1.687890
e 3 142 -0.039184
e 142 145 0.764784
e 142 144 0.066370
e 142 6 -0.017270
e 0 143 -1.191973
e 1 143 3.293069
e 2 143 1.521453
e 3 143 1.794467
e 143 4 0.413827
e 143 5 0.052168
e 143 6 -0.056148
e 144 5 0.133735
e 145 4 -0.227890
e 0 146 1.622263
e 1 151 0.667104
e 2 146 -0.391243
e 3 146 0.500027
e 146 4 -0.101877
e 146 5 -0.070287
e 146 6 -0.232337
e 0 147 0.255071
e 1 147 -0.159749
e 2 147 -0.781244
e 3 147 -1.398829
e 147 150 0.121041
e 147 5 -0.198690
e 147 6 -0.523853
e 0 148 0.208657
e 1 148 -0.468052
e 2 148 -1.421907
e 3 148 1.089830
e 148 4 0.689725
e 148 5 -0.040690
e 148 6 0.082770
e 0 149 -0.717651
e 1 149 0.101068
e 2 149 1.265133
e 3 149 0.657122
e 149 163 0.232031
e 149 5 0.002385
e 149 6 0.019414
e 150 4 1.591973
e 151 146 -1.853166
e 0 152 5.655349
e 1 152 4.675605
e 2 152 4.595396
e 3 152 1.362547
e 152 4 0.071467
e 152 5 -0.013476
e 152 6 0.001546
e 0 153 -39.992579
e 1 161 -32.603636
e 2 153 -44.178412
e 3 153 -12.540540
e 153 4 0.432665
e 153 5 0.099177
e 153 6 -0.216794
e 0 154 -66.553610
e 1 154 -49.526450
e 2 154 -47.306149
e 3 154 -20.203427
e 154 4 0.151264
e 154 5 -0.596937
e 154 6 -1.277570
e 0 155 -36.841651
e 1 155 -28.865262
e 2 155 -27.537029
e 3 155 -13.114239
e 155 4 0.324260
e 155 5 -1.121821
e 155 6 -0.201942
e 0 156 -0.393468
e 1 156 0.197974
e 2 156 1.555109
e 3 156 -1.364221
e 156 4 0.108344
e 156 5 -0.001587
e 156 6 0.025084
e 0 157 0.120139
e 1 157 -0.097793
e 2 157 -0.380907
e 3 157 0.345105
e 157 4 -0.030672
e 157 5 -0.036839
e 157 6 0.013616
e 0 158 0.549545
e 1 162 1.753918
e 2 158 -0.343271
e 3 160 1.006721
e 158 4 0.340079
e 158 5 0.015528
e 158 6 0.151561
e 0 159 -1.504217
e 1 159 -2.078519
e 2 159 1.452887
e 3 159 -1.232772
e 159 4 0.404348
e 159 5 0.106015
e 159 6 0.132571
e 160 158 -1.194708
e 161 153 -9.339113
e 162 158 -0.677437
e 163 4 0.200674
e 149 142 0.023387
e 164 4 0.853657
e 157 152 -0.004955
e 164 151 -0.842890
e 0 165 -3.618457
e 1 165 -3.568730
e 2 165 3.246931
e 3 165 -4.917015
e 165 4 -0.304251
e 165 5 -0.010723
e 165 174 0.262317
e 0 173 -5.730811
e 1 166 -5.181500
e 2 166 -3.990503
e 3 166 -3.498336
e 166 4 0.432969
e 166 5 0.433538
e 166 172 -0.679879
e 0 167 -0.541359
e 1 167 -1.841396
e 2 167 2.095490
e 3 170 -2.410289
e 167 4 0.422449
e 167 169 -0.027577
e 167 6 -0.075752
e 0 168 -4.155623
e 1 168 -2.310169
e 2 168 -5.751221
e 3 168 2.534598
e 168 4 0.090735
e 168 5 -0.308979
e 168 6 -0.001637
e 169 5 0.804634
e 165 166 1.124466
e 170 167 2.405152
e 171 166 1.263863
e 172 6 0.768930
e 173 171 -0.067054
e 174 6 0.092050
e 0 175 -0.441952
e 1 175 0.077571
e 2 175 1.450886
e 3 175 -0.915121
e 175 4 0.072412
e 175 5 0.022591
e 175 179 0.579729
e 0 176 -0.565879
e 1 176 -0.282331
e 2 176 0.022195
e 3 176 2.620769
e 176 4 -0.075750
e 176 5 -0.042675
e 176 6 -0.006289
e 0 177 1.344675
e 1 177 -0.497935
e 2 177 0.052573
e 3 177 0.043717
e 177 4 -1.794481
e 177 5 1.576594
e 177 6 0.205559
e 0 178 2.024264
e 1 180 0.228561
e 2 178 1.374755
e 3 178 -0.024787
e 178 4 0.259409
e 178 5 0.005043
e 178 6 -0.001066
e 179 6 0.037312
e 180 178 -0.949276
e 0 181 -1.456054
e 1 181 0.359697
e 2 181 0.211417
e 3 181 -0.126453
e 181 187 1.026716
e 181 5 0.114763
e 181 6 0.170098
e 0 182 2.281266
e 1 182 0.888818
e 2 182 0.354862
e 3 182 0.405844
e 182 4 -0.750641
e 182 5 -1.984305
e 182 6 0.666318
e 0 183 -0.326701
e 1 183 0.536049
e 2 183 -0.183458
e 3 183 2.037349
e 183 4 0.104293
e 183 186 -0.053325
e 183 6 0.010741
e 0 184 -1.013954
e 1 184 -0.642905
e 2 184 1.666558
e 3 184 0.151405
e 184 185 1.424930
e 184 5 0.057549
e 184 6 -0.012565
e 185 4 0.325922
e 186 5 -0.065081
e 186 181 1.910095
e 187 4 1.299359
e 132 186 -0.914434
e 172 132 -1.591179
e 188 130 -0.252252
e 0 189 -5.167182
e 1 214 -0.392580
e 2 189 -2.202970
e 3 189 -0.348720
e 189 4 -0.456758
e 189 5 -0.044271
e 189 213 0.174748
e 0 190 -0.358933
e 1 190 0.961987
e 2 190 -0.391469
e 3 190 -1.460102
e 190 4 -0.316224
e 190 5 -0.168048
e 190 6 -0.416165
e 0 191 0.182629
e 1 191 -0.980532
e 2 191 1.825601
e 3 191 -0.020001
e 191 194 0.810834
e 191 193 0.022654
e 191 6 -0.007823
e 0 192 -0.869845
e 1 192 3.091826
e 2 192 1.490757
e 3 192 2.096915
e 192 4 -0.318359
e 192 5 -0.036671
e 192 6 -0.003867
e 193 5 0.060869
e 194 4 -0.515554
e 0 195 1.601909
e 1 200 -0.227143
e 2 195 -0.723892
e 3 195 0.699692
e 195 4 -0.618612
e 195 5 -0.072486
e 195 6 -0.211512
e 0 196 0.233099
e 1 196 -0.228798
e 2 196 -0.791679
e 3 196 -1.409444
e 196 199 0.121619
e 196 5 -0.268276
e 196 6 -0.537046
e 0 197 0.310696
e 1 197 -0.790439
e 2 197 -1.190478
e 3 197 1.116585
e 197 4 1.106993
e 197 5 -0.175531
e 197 6 -0.540255
e 0 198 -0.745539
e 1 198 0.147782
e 2 198 1.335853
e 3 198 0.516837
e 198 262 0.253915
e 198 5 -0.018432
e 198 6 0.077991
e 199 4 1.346719
e 200 195 -0.844737
e 0 201 5.532984
e 1 201 4.612667
e 2 201 4.693943
e 3 201 1.306452
e 201 4 0.055582
e 201 5 -0.026640
e 201 6 -0.013367
e 0 202 -39.492240
e 1 210 -33.088167
e 2 202 -43.981098
e 3 202 -12.460183
e 202 4 0.400642
e 202 5 0.000771
e 202 6 0.006901
e 0 203 -66.424574
e 1 203 -49.418725
e 2 203 -47.303165
e 3 203 -20.217546
e 203 4 0.151264
e 203 5 -0.596937
e 203 215 -1.277570
e 0 204 -36.785030
e 1 204 -29.087633
e 2 204 -27.571902
e 3 204 -13.162218
e 204 4 0.324260
e 204 5 -1.121821
e 204 6 -0.201942
e 0 205 -0.370921
e 1 205 0.311765
e 2 205 1.718653
e 3 205 -1.943637
e 205 4 0.142101
e 205 5 -0.004215
e 205 6 0.043929
e 0 206 0.156256
e 1 206 -0.257276
e 2 206 -0.412278
e 3 206 0.609581
e 206 4 -0.061674
e 206 5 -0.061401
e 206 6 0.022793
e 0 207 0.586619
e 1 211 1.765445
e 2 207 -0.706649
e 3 209 0.994157
e 207 4 -0.006621
e 207 5 -0.035346
e 207 6 -0.000627
e 0 208 -2.138132
e 1 208 -2.074950
e 2 208 1.079765
e 3 208 -1.074109
e 208 4 -0.344517
e 208 216 0.106513
e 208 6 0.029605
e 209 207 -0.738000
e 210 202 -10.904717
e 211 207 -0.713062
e 212 4 0.145846
e 198 191 0.132825
e 213 6 0.839412
e 191 211 -0.274524
e 214 189 -0.973889
e 215 6 -1.261603
e 216 5 0.482147
e 0 217 2.568321
e 1 217 0.609235
e 2 217 -1.015061
e 3 217 -2.078772
e 217 4 0.127636
e 217 5 0.141206
e 217 6 0.199281
e 0 218 2.328872
e 1 218 1.449565
e 2 218 0.164169
e 3 218 -0.008557
e 218 4 -0.481623
e 218 5 -0.027680
e 218 6 -0.155970
e 0 219 -0.293555
e 1 219 -0.282014
e 2 219 2.748713
e 3 219 -1.352411
e 219 221 -0.256111
e 219 5 -0.138109
e 219 6 -0.114327
e 0 220 0.271402
e 1 220 0.203729
e 2 220 -0.817419
e 3 220 -0.193833
e 220 4 0.010683
e 220 5 0.038691
e 220 6 -0.039839
e 221 4 0.640911
e 0 222 0.207119
e 1 222 -0.995436
e 2 222 2.617914
e 3 222 0.764730
e 222 4 0.202815
e 222 5 0.227638
e 222 6 0.072595
e 0 223 2.069969
e 1 223 -0.709952
e 2 223 2.296165
e 3 223 1.446155
e 223 4 -0.180855
e 223 5 -0.060870
e 223 6 -0.050818
e 0 224 -0.595327
e 1 224 -1.294143
e 2 224 0.772912
e 3 230 -0.314614
e 224 4 0.736320
e 224 5 -0.376455
e 224 6 0.457863
e 0 225 0.593408
e 1 225 0.186503
e 2 225 0.116041
e 3 225 1.246664
e 225 4 0.330139
e 225 5 1.855548
e 225 6 0.684471
e 0 226 0.356306
e 1 226 0.731085
e 2 226 0.049619
e 3 260 -0.449630
e 226 4 -0.514574
e 226 5 -0.236523
e 226 6 -0.298261
e 0 227 0.921690
e 1 227 0.575064
e 2 227 -1.070290
e 3 227 -0.059333
e 227 4 -0.191171
e 227 5 -0.291096
e 227 6 0.032231
e 0 228 1.155093
e 1 228 -1.483608
e 2 228 0.737120
e 3 228 0.139915
e 228 4 -1.144738
e 228 5 -0.168714
e 228 6 -0.199404
e 0 229 0.049969
e 1 229 0.301782
e 2 229 -1.224897
e 3 229 0.983226
e 229 4 0.003938
e 229 5 -0.038738
e 229 6 0.048089
e 230 224 0.088465
e 0 231 0.059857
e 1 231 2.499833
e 2 231 1.683088
e 3 231 -4.046350
e 231 4 -1.916272
e 231 5 0.031916
e 231 6 0.511476
e 0 232 1.171441
e 1 232 -0.298778
e 2 258 -2.704072
e 3 232 -0.615573
e 232 4 -1.106723
e 232 261 -0.093175
e 232 6 0.135290
e 0 233 1.336872
e 1 233 -0.555075
e 2 233 0.543520
e 3 233 -0.907009
e 233 4 0.695488
e 233 5 -0.245112
e 233 6 -1.481271
e 0 234 0.949695
e 1 234 1.584071
e 2 234 0.356038
e 3 234 -0.995397
e 234 4 1.332575
e 234 5 -0.172481
e 234 6 1.117037
e 0 235 3.622461
e 1 235 0.912911
e 2 235 -4.411961
e 3 235 0.701584
e 235 4 0.098531
e 235 5 -0.022001
e 235 6 0.021809
e 0 236 0.281698
e 1 236 1.079430
e 2 236 -0.256119
e 3 236 0.944414
e 236 4 -0.153290
e 236 5 0.114114
e 236 6 1.561537
e 0 237 0.125126
e 1 237 -0.307113
e 2 237 2.991289
e 3 237 -0.498069
e 237 4 -0.585411
e 237 5 -0.086872
e 237 6 -0.053764
e 0 238 -2.051535
e 1 238 -1.313372
e 2 238 -1.939011
e 3 239 -0.675018
e 238 4 -0.240941
e 238 5 -0.070692
e 238 6 -0.079868
e 239 238 0.467279
e 240 232 0.841591
e 236 237 -2.075979
e 0 241 1.345947
e 1 241 0.359748
e 2 241 0.275274
e 3 241 -0.342864
e 241 4 0.707838
e 241 5 0.899621
e 241 259 0.051545
e 0 242 1.325380
e 1 242 -1.401218
e 2 242 1.392267
e 3 242 -0.441824
e 242 4 0.835064
e 242 5 0.027580
e 242 6 0.038104
e 0 243 -0.374206
e 1 243 -0.448840
e 2 243 0.417027
e 3 243 -0.560778
e 243 4 -0.014829
e 243 5 -0.033017
e 243 6 0.970204
e 0 244 0.441282
e 1 244 -1.765400
e 2 244 2.948654
e 3 244 2.630381
e 244 4 1.709020
e 244 5 -0.044556
e 244 6 -0.766191
e 0 245 0.304945
e 1 245 0.174447
e 2 245 1.053377
e 3 245 0.995950
e 245 4 -1.769556
e 245 5 0.112699
e 245 6 1.749822
e 0 246 -0.208260
e 1 246 -0.515385
e 2 246 -0.133131
e 3 246 2.090833
e 246 4 -0.124117
e 246 5 -0.027300
e 246 6 -0.014965
e 0 247 -12.814323
e 1 247 -12.879216
e 2 263 -5.163450
e 3 247 -3.281313
e 247 4 0.060911
e 247 5 -0.213780
e 247 6 -0.823124
e 0 248 -15.005591
e 1 248 -8.808446
e 2 248 -5.999961
e 3 248 -4.762516
e 248 4 -0.208715
e 248 5 0.338821
e 248 249 0.613591
e 249 6 0.613992
e 237 233 -0.132100
e 0 250 -0.320085
e 1 257 -0.034669
e 2 250 0.562832
e 3 250 -0.588346
e 250 4 0.000528
e 250 5 -0.023741
e 250 6 0.001139
e 0 251 0.236081
e 1 255 0.005900
e 2 251 -0.568283
e 3 256 0.217198
e 251 4 -0.012440
e 251 5 -0.045954
e 251 254 -0.125292
e 0 252 1.464128
e 1 252 0.301575
e 2 252 -0.679465
e 3 252 1.474066
e 252 4 -0.427456
e 252 5 0.011778
e 252 6 -0.460802
e 0 253 -2.542984
e 1 253 -1.057947
e 2 253 -1.356957
e 3 253 0.493256
e 253 4 0.234671
e 253 5 -0.900241
e 253 6 -1.820080
e 254 6 1.545175
e 252 250 1.021450
e 2 4 1.622811
e 255 251 -0.459470
e 256 251 0.029109
e 257 250 1.947074
e 257 251 -0.684452
e 236 231 -1.852501
e 258 240 1.396943
e 259 6 0.174909
e 260 226 -1.754259
e 162 192 0.362719
e 261 5 0.778317
e 169 129 -2.086233
e 262 212 0.393513
e 225 257 0.590897
e 263 247 0.087167
e 264 133 0.429857
e 238 18 0.384135
e 60 134 0.576306
