n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden sine
n 8 hidden tanh
n 9 hidden identity
n 10 hidden relu
n 11 hidden relu
n 12 hidden tanh
n 13 hidden sigmoid
n 14 hidden sigmoid
n 15 hidden relu
n 16 hidden identity
n 17 hidden tanh
n 18 hidden sigmoid
n 19 hidden sine
n 20 hidden sigmoid
n 21 hidden relu
n 22 hidden sigmoid
n 23 hidden relu
n 24 hidden sine
n 25 hidden sigmoid
n 26 hidden tanh
n 27 hidden sine
n 28 hidden sine
n 29 hidden gaussian
n 30 hidden sigmoid
n 31 hidden identity
n 32 hidden sine
n 33 hidden sine
n 34 hidden relu
n 35 hidden relu
n 36 hidden identity
n 37 hidden sine
n 38 hidden sigmoid
n 39 hidden tanh
n 40 hidden sine
n 41 hidden tanh
n 42 hidden sigmoid
n 43 hidden identity
n 44 hidden gaussian
n 45 hidden identity
n 46 hidden gaussian
n 47 hidden relu
n 48 hidden sigmoid
n 49 hidden tanh
n 50 hidden sine
n 51 hidden relu
n 52 hidden relu
n 53 hidden identity
n 54 hidden relu
n 55 hidden sine
n 56 hidden gaussian
n 57 hidden relu
n 58 hidden sine
n 59 hidden gaussian
n 60 hidden identity
n 61 hidden identity
n 62 hidden gaussian
n 63 hidden sine
n 64 hidden sigmoid
n 65 hidden identity
n 66 hidden sigmoid
n 67 hidden identity
n 68 hidden sine
n 69 hidden gaussian
n 70 hidden identity
n 71 hidden sigmoid
n 72 hidden sigmoid
n 73 hidden gaussian
n 74 hidden gaussian
n 75 hidden sine
n 76 hidden identity
n 77 hidden tanh
n 78 hidden gaussian
n 79 hidden identity
n 80 hidden tanh
n 81 hidden gaussian
n 82 hidden relu
n 83 hidden sigmoid
n 84 hidden tanh
n 85 hidden sine
n 86 hidden relu
n 87 hidden relu
n 88 hidden identity
n 89 hidden relu
n 90 hidden sine
n 91 hidden gaussian
n 92 hidden identity
n 93 hidden relu
n 94 hidden sine
n 95 hidden identity
n 96 hidden relu
n 97 hidden sine
n 98 hidden gaussian
n 99 hidden identity
n 100 hidden sigmoid
n 101 hidden gaussian
n 102 hidden relu
n 103 hidden identity
n 104 hidden sigmoid
n 105 hidden gaussian
n 106 hidden tanh
n 107 hidden relu
n 108 hidden gaussian
n 109 hidden identity
n 110 hidden sigmoid
n 111 hidden sigmoid
n 112 hidden gaussian
n 113 hidden tanh
n 114 hidden gaussian
n 115 hidden tanh
n 116 hidden relu
n 117 hidden tanh
n 118 hidden relu
n 119 hidden sine
n 120 hidden relu
n 121 hidden gaussian
n 122 hidden sine
n 123 hidden sigmoid
n 124 hidden tanh
n 125 hidden identity
n 126 hidden gaussian
n 127 hidden sine
n 128 hidden sine
n 129 hidden sigmoid
n 130 hidden sigmoid
n 131 hidden sigmoid
n 132 hidden identity
n 133 hidden identity
n 134 hidden tanh
n 135 hidden sine
n 136 hidden tanh
n 137 hidden identity
n 138 hidden gaussian
n 139 hidden sine
n 140 hidden tanh
n 141 hidden sigmoid
n 142 hidden sine
n 143 hidden identity
n 144 hidden identity
n 145 hidden relu
n 146 hidden identity
n 147 hidden sine
n 148 hidden sigmoid
n 149 hidden sigmoid
n 150 hidden sigmoid
n 151 hidden identity
n 152 hidden identity
n 153 hidden tanh
n 154 hidden sine
n 155 hidden tanh
n 156 hidden identity
n 157 hidden identity
n 158 hidden identity
n 159 hidden gaussian
n 160 hidden sine
n 161 hidden sigmoid
n 162 hidden gaussian
n 163 hidden relu
n 164 hidden identity
n 165 hidden relu
n 166 hidden gaussian
n 167 hidden gaussian
n 168 hidden tanh
n 169 hidden sigmoid
n 170 hidden tanh
n 171 hidden sigmoid
n 172 hidden sine
n 173 hidden identity
n 174 hidden identity
n 175 hidden relu
n 176 hidden gaussian
n 177 hidden gaussian
n 178 hidden tanh
n 179 hidden gaussian
n 180 hidden sigmoid
n 181 hidden sine
n 182 hidden sine
n 183 hidden gaussian
n 184 hidden sigmoid
n 185 hidden identity
n 186 hidden sine
n 187 hidden sine
n 188 hidden relu
n 189 hidden relu
n 190 hidden identity
n 191 hidden sine
n 192 hidden gaussian
n 193 hidden relu
n 194 hidden sigmoid
n 195 hidden tanh
n 196 hidden sine
n 197 hidden relu
n 198 hidden relu
n 199 hidden identity
n 200 hidden relu
n 201 hidden sine
n 202 hidden gaussian
n 203 hidden relu
n 204 hidden relu
n 205 hidden sine
n 206 hidden sine
n 207 hidden sigmoid
n 208 hidden sine
n 209 hidden sine
n 210 hidden relu
e 0 7 1.117045
e 1 7 -1.729326
e 2 7 3.945960
e 3 7 0.834725
e 7 4 -0.156174
e 7 5 0.018676
e 7 6 -0.700836
e 0 8 -1.001338
e 1 8 0.121572
e 2 8 -0.628184
e 3 8 1.403253
e 8 4 -2.138743
e 8 5 -0.354743
e 8 6 1.036624
e 0 9 4.797495
e 1 12 0.842261
e 2 9 -3.318034
e 3 9 5.632397
e 9 4 -0.528311
e 9 5 0.285653
e 9 6 -10.465301
e 0 10 -1751.525225
e 1 10 -2445.312293
e 2 10 1528.602079
e 3 10 -2815.960969
e 10 11 -2270.436739
e 10 13 3.267508
e 10 6 945.630837
e 11 4 -0.088664
e 12 9 5.204984
e 11 8 1.656586
e 13 5 -0.228943
e 0 14 -0.230889
e 1 14 0.336234
e 2 14 1.425353
e 3 14 -0.024922
e 14 4 -0.884355
e 14 5 -0.063792
e 14 6 -1.152567
e 0 15 0.035834
e 1 15 -3.829158
e 2 15 -1.258358
e 3 15 -0.875050
e 15 4 0.109484
e 15 19 -0.114011
e 15 6 -2.308900
e 0 16 -0.718984
e 1 16 -0.977285
e 2 16 1.484714
e 3 16 -2.491636
e 16 4 0.112478
e 16 5 0.099777
e 16 18 4.763685
e 0 17 -0.282807
e 1 17 -1.685749
e 2 17 -0.027003
e 3 17 -0.886245
e 17 4 -0.547351
e 17 5 -0.480093
e 17 6 3.076973
e 18 6 1.189539
e 19 5 0.176171
e 2 5 0.542519
e 12 5 -0.409682
e 0 20 0.117080
e 1 20 0.219564
e 2 20 -0.297714
e 3 20 1.444562
e 20 4 0.523456
e 20 5 1.050932
e 20 6 -2.723909
e 0 21 -0.078250
e 1 21 -0.997648
e 2 21 1.039428
e 3 21 -1.478359
e 21 4 0.278927
e 21 5 0.017814
e 21 6 -1.744991
e 0 22 -0.956438
e 1 22 -1.290216
e 2 40 2.321068
e 3 22 -0.003606
e 22 4 -0.251013
e 22 5 -0.239338
e 22 26 -0.388648
e 0 24 3.245231
e 1 23 -8.120072
e 2 23 -11.686741
e 3 25 0.909863
e 23 38 -0.523084
e 23 5 -1.451156
e 23 6 -1.669597
e 24 27 4.549410
e 25 23 -0.630362
e 2 5 0.542519
e 26 6 -0.607861
e 27 23 0.542295
e 0 28 3.207424
e 1 28 2.616199
e 2 28 -0.196069
e 3 28 1.550414
e 28 4 -0.028385
e 28 5 0.231050
e 28 6 -0.128713
e 0 29 -1.065774
e 1 29 -0.416012
e 2 29 -0.790925
e 3 29 0.284833
e 29 4 0.093247
e 29 5 -0.711086
e 29 6 0.086078
e 0 30 -0.336970
e 1 30 0.667135
e 2 30 0.008158
e 3 30 1.038030
e 30 4 0.794111
e 30 5 0.286209
e 30 6 -1.187789
e 0 39 -0.198255
e 1 31 -1.093039
e 2 31 0.836514
e 3 31 -2.283642
e 31 32 10.071499
e 31 5 0.213962
e 31 6 1.563472
e 32 4 -0.134915
e 0 33 0.769171
e 1 33 -0.803680
e 2 33 -1.350922
e 3 33 -1.228404
e 33 4 0.249545
e 33 5 0.022743
e 33 6 0.784979
e 0 34 -15.977220
e 1 34 -14.905921
e 2 34 -9.650309
e 3 34 -2.530923
e 34 4 -0.101376
e 34 37 0.070237
e 34 6 -2.122079
e 0 35 -0.492028
e 1 35 -0.268899
e 2 35 1.478697
e 3 35 -3.795204
e 35 4 0.619444
e 35 5 -0.064744
e 35 6 -1.108730
e 0 36 0.531093
e 1 36 0.435207
e 2 36 0.271086
e 3 36 -1.506110
e 36 4 0.045696
e 36 5 0.010474
e 36 6 -0.762719
e 37 5 -0.737337
e 38 4 0.248837
e 29 36 -0.798692
e 31 38 -0.986676
e 39 31 0.439893
e 38 33 0.320283
e 40 22 -2.779192
e 39 35 1.235423
e 0 41 1.042074
e 1 41 -0.384304
e 2 41 -1.002726
e 3 41 -0.163169
e 41 4 0.341114
e 41 5 -0.012384
e 41 6 0.559309
e 0 42 -1.436490
e 1 42 -1.784914
e 2 95 -1.283972
e 3 42 -3.624000
e 42 4 -0.242026
e 42 5 0.114461
e 42 6 0.421567
e 0 43 -2.101938
e 1 43 -0.263587
e 2 43 1.831754
e 3 43 -2.800305
e 43 4 0.177552
e 43 5 -0.177871
e 43 6 3.694660
e 0 45 -0.078507
e 1 44 1.862078
e 2 44 1.022870
e 3 44 -0.737267
e 44 4 0.066769
e 44 5 0.085597
e 44 6 -0.286811
e 45 44 -0.469695
e 0 46 -0.477733
e 1 46 1.456252
e 2 46 2.002510
e 3 46 -2.493530
e 46 4 4.203905
e 46 5 1.006600
e 46 6 -0.418484
e 0 47 -20.080540
e 1 47 -28.514596
e 2 47 -17.704144
e 3 47 -9.230294
e 47 4 -0.242226
e 47 5 -0.132522
e 47 6 -0.798922
e 0 48 -0.035132
e 1 48 -0.142350
e 2 48 1.365040
e 3 48 -0.975906
e 48 4 1.043218
e 48 57 0.832660
e 48 6 -1.128570
e 0 49 1.718455
e 1 49 -0.297821
e 2 49 -1.375160
e 3 49 0.406509
e 49 4 0.519818
e 49 59 1.053801
e 49 94 1.853583
e 0 50 2.173747
e 1 58 -0.418893
e 2 50 -2.081145
e 3 50 -0.514480
e 50 4 -0.435554
e 50 5 0.203975
e 50 6 0.179441
e 0 51 -8.337504
e 1 51 -16.600881
e 2 51 -13.417985
e 3 51 -1.844648
e 51 4 -0.244845
e 51 56 0.236671
e 51 6 -2.366389
e 0 52 -2.542766
e 1 52 -0.202328
e 2 52 2.626181
e 3 52 -3.882689
e 52 4 0.707408
e 52 5 0.910162
e 52 6 -1.358331
e 0 53 -0.143393
e 1 53 0.307685
e 2 55 2.148822
e 3 53 -0.688341
e 53 4 -0.081617
e 53 5 0.062459
e 53 6 0.977371
e 54 53 -1.375219
e 55 54 -2.139326
e 56 5 -2.200484
e 55 48 1.025376
e 57 5 0.337647
e 58 50 -1.090372
e 59 5 -1.490030
e 57 50 -0.954243
e 0 60 -0.655864
e 1 60 0.311651
e 2 60 2.028048
e 3 60 -1.746852
e 60 4 0.366708
e 60 5 0.144471
e 60 64 0.685639
e 0 61 0.112653
e 1 61 -0.190091
e 2 61 -0.554632
e 3 61 2.897778
e 61 4 -0.166182
e 61 5 -0.017593
e 61 6 -0.906033
e 0 62 0.599131
e 1 62 0.462563
e 2 62 0.180884
e 3 62 0.132926
e 62 4 -1.538212
e 62 5 1.634637
e 62 6 0.459396
e 0 63 5.147171
e 1 63 1.401366
e 2 63 1.739050
e 3 63 0.565611
e 63 4 0.025364
e 63 5 0.038899
e 63 6 -0.728508
e 64 6 -0.274061
e 0 65 -1.479559
e 1 65 -0.272667
e 2 65 0.616784
e 3 65 -1.699920
e 65 4 -0.006250
e 65 5 -0.205084
e 65 6 2.715164
e 0 66 -0.179550
e 1 66 2.053838
e 2 66 -0.183918
e 3 66 0.303158
e 66 4 -0.298702
e 66 5 -0.585971
e 66 6 -2.074144
e 0 67 0.453796
e 1 67 0.092484
e 2 67 -0.394110
e 3 67 0.596121
e 67 4 -0.035166
e 67 5 0.036528
e 67 6 -0.827466
e 0 68 -1.133431
e 1 68 -0.020293
e 2 68 1.239546
e 3 68 -0.463972
e 68 4 0.150895
e 68 5 0.120087
e 68 6 0.203632
e 0 69 -0.418864
e 1 69 -0.733718
e 2 69 -0.983167
e 3 69 0.069255
e 69 4 0.539620
e 69 5 -0.978068
e 69 74 -1.253742
e 0 70 1.988715
e 1 73 0.634810
e 2 70 -1.072410
e 3 70 1.694085
e 70 4 -0.092940
e 70 5 0.160520
e 70 6 -3.384826
e 0 71 -0.721967
e 1 71 -1.921633
e 2 71 0.739842
e 3 71 1.982875
e 71 4 0.351817
e 71 5 -0.173544
e 71 6 0.122943
e 0 72 1.230113
e 1 72 0.725545
e 2 72 0.196473
e 3 72 -1.304801
e 72 4 0.980512
e 72 5 -0.245430
e 72 6 -1.558123
e 73 70 -0.571424
e 0 73 0.318978
e 65 68 1.507512
e 74 6 -1.769151
e 0 80 -0.879086
e 1 75 -2.472565
e 2 75 2.567807
e 3 75 -0.858382
e 75 4 -0.189780
e 75 5 0.023090
e 75 6 1.005914
e 0 76 1.016556
e 1 76 0.390134
e 2 76 -1.079783
e 3 76 0.412513
e 76 4 -0.065418
e 76 5 0.052725
e 76 6 -1.439164
e 0 77 -0.134811
e 1 77 1.149659
e 2 77 -1.056163
e 3 77 -2.045811
e 77 4 1.062861
e 77 5 -0.360712
e 77 6 -1.243499
e 0 78 0.981508
e 1 78 -0.549238
e 2 78 1.080657
e 3 78 -0.979863
e 78 4 -2.991764
e 78 79 -0.124448
e 78 6 0.455419
e 79 5 -0.333097
e 80 75 2.321111
e 0 81 -0.313906
e 1 81 0.954723
e 2 81 1.339778
e 3 81 -1.204646
e 81 4 3.264648
e 81 5 0.366651
e 81 6 -0.448921
e 0 82 -19.826707
e 1 82 -21.339299
e 2 82 -13.773548
e 3 82 -8.321128
e 82 4 -0.554698
e 82 5 0.006737
e 82 6 -0.092269
e 0 83 0.298621
e 1 83 0.014025
e 2 83 1.300962
e 3 92 -0.915166
e 83 4 0.403402
e 83 5 0.729420
e 83 6 -2.561406
e 0 84 1.607591
e 1 84 -0.921632
e 2 84 -1.233577
e 3 84 0.562853
e 84 4 0.753654
e 84 5 0.293161
e 84 6 -1.639514
e 0 93 3.746962
e 1 85 0.816966
e 2 85 -1.603060
e 3 85 -0.690224
e 85 4 0.075451
e 85 5 -0.072112
e 85 6 -0.171053
e 0 86 -8.695188
e 1 86 -12.311117
e 2 86 -9.076627
e 3 86 -2.075246
e 86 4 -0.557317
e 86 91 0.276092
e 86 6 -1.659736
e 0 87 -3.663630
e 1 87 -0.901559
e 2 87 2.299648
e 3 87 -3.537874
e 87 4 0.931067
e 87 5 1.366748
e 87 6 -0.613317
e 0 88 -0.104625
e 1 88 0.114313
e 2 90 1.563898
e 3 88 -0.530768
e 88 4 -0.117269
e 88 5 -0.381438
e 88 6 1.898384
e 89 88 -1.041508
e 90 89 -2.737487
e 91 5 -2.147166
e 90 83 1.013890
e 88 87 -0.089410
e 92 83 -1.248252
e 93 85 1.126814
e 94 6 -2.794702
e 41 74 0.194129
e 95 42 0.139192
e 75 36 1.700518
e 0 96 -9.312746
e 1 96 -12.194748
e 2 96 -8.007127
e 3 96 -1.658169
e 96 4 -0.518866
e 96 5 -0.349003
e 96 6 -1.156898
e 0 97 -0.471804
e 1 97 -2.405643
e 2 97 -0.683856
e 3 100 0.606105
e 97 4 0.370334
e 97 5 0.262382
e 97 6 0.357992
e 0 102 -0.550977
e 1 98 -0.308013
e 2 101 -0.185497
e 3 98 -0.105301
e 98 4 -0.304765
e 98 5 0.124648
e 98 6 0.035429
e 0 99 -1.300813
e 1 99 -0.528357
e 2 99 0.287775
e 3 99 -1.050617
e 99 4 0.010383
e 99 103 -0.159688
e 99 6 2.270971
e 96 97 1.387503
e 93 6 -3.708040
e 100 97 0.516690
e 98 96 0.983788
e 101 98 0.113153
e 101 5 0.318952
e 1 5 0.213916
e 102 98 0.285161
e 103 5 0.282771
e 0 104 0.075720
e 1 104 -0.749699
e 2 104 1.011589
e 3 104 0.184109
e 104 4 0.453346
e 104 5 -0.270555
e 104 6 -0.433938
e 0 105 1.439303
e 1 105 -1.653099
e 2 105 0.342566
e 3 105 -1.952122
e 105 4 -1.488104
e 105 5 -0.737153
e 105 6 -0.988730
e 0 106 -1.181054
e 1 106 0.334514
e 2 106 1.645061
e 3 106 1.078171
e 106 4 0.163166
e 106 5 -0.088369
e 106 6 -0.212324
e 0 107 -5.381610
e 1 139 -4.187858
e 2 107 -3.529740
e 3 107 -1.085612
e 107 4 0.102874
e 107 5 -0.226012
e 107 6 -0.955319
e 0 108 -0.426974
e 1 108 -0.737775
e 2 108 -0.984226
e 3 108 0.065725
e 108 4 0.530605
e 108 5 -0.983317
e 108 6 -1.260524
e 0 109 1.465674
e 1 112 0.743045
e 2 109 -0.874104
e 3 109 2.189402
e 109 4 -0.136962
e 109 5 0.079810
e 109 6 -2.865002
e 0 110 0.446808
e 1 110 -0.496741
e 2 110 0.992837
e 3 113 2.113685
e 110 4 0.422326
e 110 5 0.336928
e 110 6 -0.119193
e 0 111 1.063882
e 1 111 -0.041463
e 2 111 0.266832
e 3 111 -1.492327
e 111 4 -0.032355
e 111 115 -0.094485
e 111 6 -1.722192
e 112 109 -1.059266
e 0 112 0.335704
e 113 110 -0.449411
e 114 5 0.215847
e 115 114 -2.006322
e 0 116 -3.312223
e 1 116 -3.263681
e 2 116 -0.835825
e 3 116 -0.456344
e 116 4 0.235768
e 116 5 -0.161618
e 116 6 -1.119463
e 0 117 -0.803731
e 1 117 1.335205
e 2 117 -0.489714
e 3 117 -1.063300
e 117 4 0.905861
e 117 5 -0.251123
e 117 6 -0.385448
e 0 118 -2.360858
e 1 118 -2.789766
e 2 118 0.794352
e 3 118 -0.812222
e 118 210 0.429549
e 118 120 0.355081
e 118 6 -0.045953
e 0 119 -0.832020
e 1 119 3.219327
e 2 119 1.197361
e 3 119 2.047134
e 119 4 -0.291797
e 119 5 0.067995
e 119 6 -0.298003
e 120 5 0.363534
e 121 4 -1.040813
e 0 122 1.882078
e 1 127 1.191990
e 2 122 -1.679880
e 3 122 0.642800
e 122 4 -0.416451
e 122 5 0.147251
e 122 6 -0.087951
e 0 123 0.664594
e 1 123 0.058643
e 2 123 -0.709317
e 3 123 -1.225464
e 123 126 0.084082
e 123 5 -0.070984
e 123 6 -0.578489
e 0 124 0.327774
e 1 124 -1.006077
e 2 124 -1.547781
e 3 124 1.516405
e 124 4 2.380055
e 124 5 0.290874
e 124 6 0.621862
e 0 125 -0.961731
e 1 125 -0.372923
e 2 125 0.485800
e 3 125 0.238070
e 125 4 -0.029530
e 125 5 -0.098841
e 125 6 1.507083
e 126 4 1.607525
e 127 122 0.912123
e 0 128 5.952592
e 1 128 4.831489
e 2 128 4.797050
e 3 128 1.448361
e 128 4 0.190407
e 128 5 0.083646
e 128 6 -0.158232
e 0 129 -39.006441
e 1 137 -34.145215
e 2 129 -44.157380
e 3 129 -12.525280
e 129 4 -0.030286
e 129 5 -0.513110
e 129 6 -1.143248
e 0 130 -65.278658
e 1 130 -48.861965
e 2 130 -46.948741
e 3 130 -19.788218
e 130 4 0.151264
e 130 5 -0.596937
e 130 6 -1.277570
e 0 131 -36.617690
e 1 131 -28.933728
e 2 131 -27.477711
e 3 131 -13.003115
e 131 4 0.324260
e 131 5 -1.121821
e 131 6 -0.201942
e 0 132 -1.773273
e 1 132 -0.269940
e 2 132 1.069134
e 3 132 -2.407676
e 132 4 0.082348
e 132 5 -0.192107
e 132 6 3.564079
e 0 133 -0.229528
e 1 133 -0.298136
e 2 133 0.036955
e 3 133 0.381749
e 133 4 -0.001352
e 133 5 -0.136061
e 133 6 0.079518
e 0 134 0.660907
e 1 138 1.781687
e 2 134 -0.165917
e 3 136 1.010880
e 134 4 1.365843
e 134 5 0.503247
e 134 6 -0.864837
e 0 135 -2.583328
e 1 135 -2.867327
e 2 135 0.433870
e 3 135 -1.453679
e 135 4 -0.587018
e 135 5 -0.143500
e 135 6 -0.021001
e 136 134 -1.322430
e 137 129 -13.784626
e 138 134 -0.550002
e 133 118 2.184203
e 139 107 1.707899
e 118 57 -0.249381
e 0 140 -0.733149
e 1 140 1.273822
e 2 140 -0.444928
e 3 140 -0.975444
e 140 4 0.338692
e 140 5 0.077686
e 140 6 -0.499441
e 0 141 0.032339
e 1 141 3.847675
e 2 146 1.643183
e 3 144 2.383903
e 141 4 0.287945
e 141 5 0.022284
e 141 6 0.492482
e 0 142 1.923981
e 1 142 -1.724931
e 2 142 4.157621
e 3 142 0.573568
e 142 4 -0.011293
e 142 5 0.157009
e 142 6 0.257167
e 0 143 0.944644
e 1 145 -2.633161
e 2 143 1.076689
e 3 143 -0.130221
e 143 4 0.260000
e 143 5 0.279944
e 143 6 -2.205688
e 144 141 -2.016221
e 145 143 -0.976210
e 145 142 -0.835631
e 1 143 0.262495
e 146 141 -1.003709
e 0 147 5.880089
e 1 147 4.643380
e 2 147 4.416448
e 3 147 1.387381
e 147 4 -0.053117
e 147 5 -0.005606
e 147 6 -0.017192
e 0 148 -39.071170
e 1 156 -33.602110
e 2 148 -44.045336
e 3 148 -12.495705
e 148 4 -0.026255
e 148 5 -0.062890
e 148 6 -0.194967
e 0 149 -65.217853
e 1 149 -48.846212
e 2 149 -47.132528
e 3 149 -20.107208
e 149 4 0.151264
e 149 5 -0.596937
e 149 6 -1.277570
e 0 150 -36.918806
e 1 150 -29.337147
e 2 150 -27.812480
e 3 150 -13.375352
e 150 4 0.324260
e 150 5 -1.121821
e 150 6 -0.201942
e 0 164 -0.630581
e 1 151 -0.572195
e 2 151 0.807037
e 3 151 -1.704533
e 151 4 -0.002973
e 151 5 -0.190791
e 151 6 2.092824
e 0 152 -1.452783
e 1 152 -1.251997
e 2 152 -0.505135
e 3 152 -0.197904
e 152 4 -0.252066
e 152 5 -0.275798
e 152 6 4.160604
e 0 153 0.668751
e 1 153 1.348802
e 2 153 -1.029185
e 3 155 0.991113
e 153 4 -0.449251
e 153 5 0.063209
e 153 6 0.114540
e 0 154 -2.226067
e 1 154 -1.893602
e 2 154 1.319013
e 3 154 -1.412582
e 154 4 0.072093
e 154 5 0.025433
e 154 6 0.010218
e 155 153 -0.567680
e 156 148 -12.376077
e 0 157 -0.293599
e 1 157 -0.173276
e 2 157 1.406353
e 3 157 -1.167164
e 157 4 0.227346
e 157 5 0.148810
e 157 162 0.440183
e 0 163 0.671000
e 1 158 -0.872822
e 2 158 -0.370863
e 3 158 1.941699
e 158 4 -0.276122
e 158 5 -0.504448
e 158 6 2.170688
e 0 159 0.599700
e 1 159 0.542823
e 2 159 0.274796
e 3 159 0.088991
e 159 4 -1.738776
e 159 5 1.479519
e 159 6 0.487505
e 0 160 1.296445
e 1 160 0.552794
e 2 160 0.487064
e 3 160 3.208330
e 160 4 0.974238
e 160 5 0.186922
e 160 6 0.196078
e 161 6 0.129144
e 162 161 1.549917
e 163 158 -0.984655
e 164 151 0.988458
e 147 150 0.260480
e 7 80 2.045222
e 0 165 -30.913623
e 1 165 -20.510637
e 2 165 -52.803226
e 3 165 -1.214627
e 165 4 -1.253606
e 165 5 -0.433514
e 165 6 -0.938362
e 0 169 1.490640
e 1 166 0.111909
e 2 166 0.327305
e 3 166 -0.061552
e 166 4 -0.633954
e 166 5 -0.351053
e 166 6 -0.368570
e 0 167 -0.046501
e 1 167 -0.866905
e 2 167 2.910196
e 3 167 -0.426845
e 167 4 1.812522
e 167 5 0.505550
e 167 6 -0.227061
e 0 168 -0.319278
e 1 168 -0.300578
e 2 168 2.428005
e 3 168 0.446482
e 168 4 -0.567044
e 168 5 0.018376
e 168 6 -0.129126
e 169 166 1.232321
e 0 170 -1.266088
e 1 170 1.441526
e 2 170 -0.121556
e 3 170 -0.453319
e 170 4 1.119527
e 170 5 0.105714
e 170 6 0.316623
e 0 171 0.136108
e 1 171 2.728963
e 2 171 2.421528
e 3 174 3.150747
e 171 4 -1.375913
e 171 5 -0.331427
e 171 6 -0.801766
e 0 172 1.473075
e 1 172 -1.373307
e 2 172 4.355268
e 3 172 0.711790
e 172 4 0.219816
e 172 5 -0.083069
e 172 6 0.072958
e 0 173 0.540942
e 1 175 0.013680
e 2 173 2.489520
e 3 176 -0.988613
e 173 4 0.809904
e 173 5 0.406070
e 173 6 -2.819664
e 174 171 -2.884482
e 175 173 -0.020297
e 176 173 -0.516909
e 0 177 -1.858477
e 1 177 1.127236
e 2 177 3.232416
e 3 177 0.439430
e 177 4 -0.721466
e 177 5 -0.524237
e 177 6 -0.142855
e 0 178 -0.504790
e 1 178 0.063434
e 2 178 2.185890
e 3 178 0.790801
e 178 4 0.081193
e 178 5 0.656944
e 178 6 0.128895
e 0 179 1.888027
e 1 179 -0.573903
e 2 179 0.352930
e 3 179 -3.167375
e 179 4 -3.724413
e 179 5 0.088260
e 179 6 0.527652
e 0 180 -2.513260
e 1 180 -2.367916
e 2 180 -0.366575
e 3 180 -3.306651
e 180 209 0.135983
e 180 5 0.442068
e 180 6 -0.846523
e 181 4 0.939850
e 0 182 1.073866
e 1 182 1.534050
e 2 182 -0.305321
e 3 182 0.399248
e 182 4 -0.646071
e 182 5 -0.201010
e 182 6 -0.398326
e 0 183 -1.065822
e 1 183 -0.415957
e 2 183 -0.793858
e 3 183 0.284124
e 183 4 0.091505
e 183 5 -0.714211
e 183 6 0.086580
e 0 184 -0.534874
e 1 184 0.811448
e 2 184 -0.029933
e 3 184 0.971603
e 184 4 0.048862
e 184 208 0.211312
e 184 6 -0.461711
e 0 185 0.655764
e 1 185 0.599651
e 2 185 0.635203
e 3 185 -1.256874
e 185 186 9.984045
e 185 5 0.084600
e 185 6 -1.084637
e 186 4 0.043795
e 0 187 0.638523
e 1 204 -0.681678
e 2 187 -2.638499
e 3 187 -1.274563
e 187 4 0.120188
e 187 5 -0.079247
e 187 6 -0.036504
e 0 188 -14.235756
e 1 188 -14.020850
e 2 188 -9.882858
e 3 188 -3.555494
e 188 4 -0.177891
e 188 191 0.242682
e 188 6 -1.111876
e 0 189 -4.847623
e 1 189 -1.327018
e 2 189 3.000324
e 3 189 -3.795410
e 189 4 0.121326
e 189 5 0.115811
e 189 6 -0.602840
e 0 190 0.015473
e 1 190 0.207517
e 2 206 2.060854
e 3 190 -0.716059
e 190 4 -0.118663
e 190 5 -0.064939
e 190 6 0.072819
e 191 5 -0.929774
e 0 192 0.458138
e 1 192 2.946470
e 2 192 -0.513428
e 3 192 -1.073456
e 192 4 3.114128
e 192 5 0.435268
e 192 6 -0.497376
e 0 193 -21.845325
e 1 193 -28.913231
e 2 193 -22.547084
e 3 193 -9.226422
e 193 4 -0.518513
e 193 5 -0.218104
e 193 6 0.168013
e 0 194 0.286263
e 1 194 0.060056
e 2 194 1.356134
e 3 194 -0.893708
e 194 4 0.784512
e 194 205 0.679493
e 194 6 -1.657310
e 0 195 1.162772
e 1 195 -0.911639
e 2 195 -1.534078
e 3 195 0.245221
e 195 4 0.752979
e 195 5 0.365511
e 195 6 -0.024008
e 0 196 1.121620
e 1 196 0.182545
e 2 196 0.272366
e 3 196 -2.336011
e 196 4 0.262642
e 196 5 -0.063252
e 196 6 -0.204737
e 0 197 -18.442149
e 1 197 -21.453384
e 2 197 -18.388695
e 3 197 -3.205765
e 197 4 -0.521132
e 197 202 0.179441
e 197 6 -1.399454
e 0 198 -5.937295
e 1 198 -3.193033
e 2 198 1.170213
e 3 198 -4.750015
e 198 4 0.023973
e 198 5 -0.004987
e 198 6 -0.772576
e 0 199 0.300530
e 1 199 0.522064
e 2 201 1.438320
e 3 199 -1.002345
e 199 4 0.150287
e 199 5 0.062688
e 199 6 -0.512941
e 200 207 -1.151072
e 201 200 -1.270377
e 202 5 -2.240710
e 201 194 0.903373
e 203 5 0.877265
e 204 187 0.590709
e 182 186 0.054428
e 197 196 -1.124975
e 201 177 0.136268
e 205 203 0.849659
e 206 190 -0.854553
e 207 199 0.030672
e 208 5 0.169845
e 202 168 -2.589301
e 209 181 -0.300726
e 210 121 -0.275047
