n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden gaussian
n 8 hidden identity
n 9 hidden relu
n 10 hidden relu
n 11 hidden gaussian
n 12 hidden sine
n 13 hidden sigmoid
n 14 hidden identity
n 15 hidden sigmoid
n 16 hidden gaussian
n 17 hidden relu
n 18 hidden identity
n 19 hidden gaussian
n 20 hidden tanh
n 21 hidden gaussian
n 22 hidden sigmoid
n 23 hidden sine
n 24 hidden sine
n 25 hidden gaussian
n 26 hidden sigmoid
n 27 hidden identity
n 28 hidden sine
n 29 hidden sine
n 30 hidden relu
n 31 hidden relu
n 32 hidden identity
n 33 hidden sine
n 34 hidden gaussian
n 35 hidden relu
n 36 hidden sigmoid
n 37 hidden tanh
n 38 hidden sine
n 39 hidden relu
n 40 hidden relu
n 41 hidden identity
n 42 hidden relu
n 43 hidden sine
n 44 hidden gaussian
n 45 hidden relu
n 46 hidden relu
n 47 hidden tanh
n 48 hidden tanh
n 49 hidden sigmoid
n 50 hidden tanh
n 51 hidden tanh
n 52 hidden identity
n 53 hidden sigmoid
n 54 hidden identity
n 55 hidden sigmoid
n 56 hidden identity
n 57 hidden sine
n 58 hidden gaussian
n 59 hidden identity
n 60 hidden sigmoid
n 61 hidden sigmoid
n 62 hidden gaussian
n 63 hidden gaussian
n 64 hidden sine
n 65 hidden gaussian
n 66 hidden relu
n 67 hidden sigmoid
n 68 hidden tanh
n 69 hidden sine
n 70 hidden relu
n 71 hidden relu
n 72 hidden identity
n 73 hidden relu
n 74 hidden sine
n 75 hidden gaussian
n 76 hidden relu
n 77 hidden sigmoid
n 78 hidden identity
n 79 hidden gaussian
n 80 hidden relu
n 81 hidden relu
n 82 hidden gaussian
n 83 hidden tanh
n 84 hidden sigmoid
n 85 hidden tanh
n 86 hidden gaussian
n 87 hidden identity
n 88 hidden identity
n 89 hidden tanh
n 90 hidden sine
n 91 hidden sine
n 92 hidden sigmoid
n 93 hidden sigmoid
n 94 hidden gaussian
n 95 hidden tanh
n 96 hidden relu
n 97 hidden gaussian
n 98 hidden identity
n 99 hidden sigmoid
n 100 hidden sigmoid
n 101 hidden gaussian
n 102 hidden tanh
n 103 hidden gaussian
n 104 hidden tanh
n 105 hidden relu
n 106 hidden tanh
n 107 hidden relu
n 108 hidden sine
n 109 hidden relu
n 110 hidden gaussian
n 111 hidden sine
n 112 hidden sigmoid
n 113 hidden tanh
n 114 hidden identity
n 115 hidden gaussian
n 116 hidden sine
n 117 hidden sine
n 118 hidden sigmoid
n 119 hidden sigmoid
n 120 hidden sigmoid
n 121 hidden identity
n 122 hidden identity
n 123 hidden tanh
n 124 hidden sine
n 125 hidden tanh
n 126 hidden identity
n 127 hidden gaussian
n 128 hidden identity
n 129 hidden relu
n 130 hidden tanh
n 131 hidden identity
n 132 hidden sine
n 133 hidden tanh
n 134 hidden identity
n 135 hidden identity
n 136 hidden tanh
n 137 hidden sine
n 138 hidden relu
n 139 hidden sigmoid
n 140 hidden gaussian
n 141 hidden relu
n 142 hidden relu
n 143 hidden gaussian
n 144 hidden tanh
n 145 hidden sigmoid
n 146 hidden tanh
n 147 hidden gaussian
n 148 hidden identity
n 149 hidden identity
n 150 hidden tanh
n 151 hidden sine
n 152 hidden sine
n 153 hidden sigmoid
n 154 hidden relu
n 155 hidden identity
n 156 hidden sine
n 157 hidden tanh
n 158 hidden sigmoid
n 159 hidden identity
n 160 hidden gaussian
n 161 hidden identity
n 162 hidden gaussian
n 163 hidden relu
n 164 hidden sigmoid
n 165 hidden tanh
n 166 hidden sine
n 167 hidden relu
n 168 hidden relu
n 169 hidden identity
n 170 hidden relu
n 171 hidden sine
n 172 hidden gaussian
n 173 hidden relu
n 174 hidden sine
n 175 hidden gaussian
n 176 hidden identity
n 177 hidden identity
n 178 hidden gaussian
n 179 hidden sine
n 180 hidden sigmoid
n 181 hidden identity
e 0 7 0.346220
e 1 7 0.237032
e 2 7 1.061204
e 3 7 1.014931
e 7 4 -1.718604
e 7 5 0.119939
e 7 6 1.772750
e 0 8 0.485510
e 1 8 0.071221
e 2 8 -1.424208
e 3 11 0.204367
e 8 4 -0.153935
e 8 5 0.058170
e 8 6 0.013278
e 0 9 -6.192779
e 1 9 -10.411907
e 2 9 -3.741238
e 3 9 -2.000529
e 9 16 0.061139
e 9 5 -0.264602
e 9 6 -0.804939
e 0 10 -15.602234
e 1 10 -5.848898
e 2 10 -5.481090
e 3 10 -5.287850
e 10 4 0.112158
e 10 5 0.287754
e 10 6 0.594623
e 11 8 0.465353
e 0 18 3.562627
e 1 12 0.637354
e 2 12 1.177417
e 3 12 1.126288
e 12 4 -0.017916
e 12 5 -0.039751
e 12 6 -0.110954
e 0 13 0.819692
e 1 13 -2.954776
e 2 13 2.974310
e 3 13 0.274855
e 13 4 -0.095451
e 13 47 -0.048730
e 13 6 0.001407
e 0 14 -0.379446
e 1 14 -0.222427
e 2 14 0.723551
e 3 17 -3.043431
e 14 4 0.066487
e 14 5 -0.052185
e 14 6 -0.024327
e 0 15 -0.300705
e 1 15 0.478093
e 2 15 1.161878
e 3 15 -0.453105
e 15 4 -0.650642
e 15 5 0.012292
e 15 6 -0.055769
e 16 4 -0.104093
e 17 14 0.832303
e 10 17 -1.760410
e 18 12 -2.243992
e 0 19 -1.538054
e 1 19 1.018944
e 2 19 3.471179
e 3 19 0.541924
e 19 4 -0.532215
e 19 5 -0.044835
e 19 6 -0.002990
e 0 20 -0.475231
e 1 20 0.126698
e 2 20 2.465878
e 3 20 0.699301
e 20 4 1.481398
e 20 5 0.287597
e 20 6 0.363354
e 0 21 2.112077
e 1 21 -0.318754
e 2 21 -0.043406
e 3 21 -3.259317
e 21 4 -3.771795
e 21 5 0.241037
e 21 6 0.671197
e 0 22 -3.015907
e 1 22 -2.747920
e 2 22 -0.591887
e 3 22 -3.477154
e 22 23 0.135983
e 22 5 0.442068
e 22 6 -0.846523
e 23 4 0.939850
e 0 24 1.149867
e 1 24 1.517569
e 2 24 -0.410799
e 3 24 0.281180
e 24 4 -0.713713
e 24 5 0.025101
e 24 6 0.038433
e 0 25 -1.065534
e 1 25 -0.416023
e 2 25 -0.793214
e 3 25 0.284326
e 25 4 0.089935
e 25 5 -0.713560
e 25 6 0.087729
e 0 26 -0.226287
e 1 78 0.501944
e 2 26 0.086811
e 3 26 1.074277
e 26 4 0.102744
e 26 5 -0.008168
e 26 133 0.111598
e 0 27 0.195516
e 1 27 -0.081104
e 2 27 0.264374
e 3 27 -1.436129
e 27 28 9.772509
e 27 5 -0.005766
e 27 6 -0.015351
e 28 4 -0.025197
e 0 29 0.836065
e 1 46 -0.372592
e 2 29 -2.295831
e 3 29 -1.384511
e 29 4 0.562003
e 29 5 0.128307
e 29 6 0.071444
e 0 30 -18.007677
e 1 30 -15.903884
e 2 30 -10.718677
e 3 30 -4.748952
e 30 4 -0.073194
e 30 33 0.146658
e 30 6 -0.239055
e 0 31 -6.705205
e 1 31 -2.589398
e 2 31 0.846939
e 3 31 -4.261037
e 31 4 -0.053668
e 31 5 0.164127
e 31 6 0.256598
e 0 32 -0.142009
e 1 32 0.180595
e 2 32 0.856449
e 3 32 -1.174214
e 32 4 0.098892
e 32 5 0.029011
e 32 6 -0.040602
e 33 5 -0.801786
e 0 34 0.197325
e 1 34 3.137993
e 2 34 0.063059
e 3 34 -1.125463
e 34 4 3.167077
e 34 5 0.686629
e 34 6 -0.315755
e 0 35 -21.477759
e 1 35 -28.722258
e 2 35 -21.235651
e 3 35 -9.373360
e 35 4 -0.413816
e 35 5 -0.119381
e 35 6 1.040834
e 0 36 0.216919
e 1 36 0.008881
e 2 36 1.357401
e 3 36 -0.913663
e 36 4 0.673550
e 36 45 0.420032
e 36 6 -0.561969
e 0 37 1.381974
e 1 37 -0.249735
e 2 37 -1.498388
e 3 37 0.262540
e 37 4 -0.000732
e 37 5 0.127512
e 37 6 0.086146
e 0 38 0.870570
e 1 38 -0.030322
e 2 38 -0.116283
e 3 38 -2.036376
e 38 4 -0.458716
e 38 5 -0.038215
e 38 6 0.000274
e 0 39 -22.605175
e 1 39 -23.989801
e 2 39 -19.255070
e 3 39 -5.006868
e 39 4 -0.416435
e 39 44 0.235767
e 39 6 -0.526633
e 0 40 -8.940871
e 1 40 -4.897176
e 2 40 0.480677
e 3 40 -5.643455
e 40 4 0.112008
e 40 5 0.095541
e 40 6 0.089832
e 0 41 -0.368702
e 1 41 1.013986
e 2 43 -0.357398
e 3 41 -0.800543
e 41 48 0.900386
e 41 5 0.107051
e 41 6 0.057028
e 42 41 -1.383065
e 43 42 -2.452730
e 44 5 -2.198276
e 43 36 1.014389
e 45 5 0.664820
e 46 29 0.513583
e 24 28 0.094345
e 39 38 -0.825340
e 47 5 0.772072
e 48 4 0.660938
e 0 49 0.324732
e 1 49 0.676721
e 2 49 0.070440
e 3 49 -0.460347
e 49 4 0.116810
e 49 5 0.327632
e 49 6 0.102980
e 0 50 0.835267
e 1 50 0.448463
e 2 50 -0.991728
e 3 50 0.031844
e 50 4 -0.165460
e 50 5 -0.153551
e 50 6 -0.234469
e 0 51 1.096882
e 1 51 -1.771876
e 2 53 1.219872
e 3 51 0.000390
e 51 4 0.574135
e 51 5 0.235602
e 51 6 0.181564
e 0 52 0.019958
e 1 52 -0.996837
e 2 52 -0.866807
e 3 52 2.182533
e 52 4 -0.191066
e 52 5 -0.228746
e 52 6 -0.238736
e 53 51 -0.317219
e 0 54 -0.233399
e 1 54 0.353285
e 2 54 0.527984
e 3 54 -0.937468
e 54 4 -0.055372
e 54 5 -0.028383
e 54 6 0.060221
e 0 55 -0.227829
e 1 55 2.151137
e 2 55 -0.237700
e 3 55 0.301275
e 55 4 0.205923
e 55 5 -0.002896
e 55 6 -0.060073
e 0 56 0.113668
e 1 56 -0.161378
e 2 56 -0.293436
e 3 56 0.401453
e 56 4 -0.027637
e 56 5 -0.056817
e 56 6 0.054161
e 0 57 -0.297293
e 1 57 1.030899
e 2 57 1.660994
e 3 57 -0.279643
e 57 4 0.224955
e 57 5 0.070370
e 57 6 0.021088
e 0 58 -0.441307
e 1 58 -0.749358
e 2 58 -0.986574
e 3 58 0.063318
e 58 64 0.561818
e 58 5 -0.981122
e 58 63 -1.253485
e 0 59 -0.138935
e 1 62 0.458539
e 2 59 -1.064967
e 3 59 0.162348
e 59 4 -0.326624
e 59 5 -0.147401
e 59 6 -0.105099
e 0 60 -0.086864
e 1 60 -1.719409
e 2 60 0.903265
e 3 60 2.158473
e 60 4 -0.079921
e 60 5 0.096674
e 60 77 0.297957
e 0 61 1.226040
e 1 61 0.485386
e 2 61 0.312144
e 3 61 -1.340792
e 61 4 1.434394
e 61 5 0.461781
e 61 6 0.017453
e 62 59 -0.818996
e 0 62 0.391848
e 54 57 1.126305
e 63 6 -1.111675
e 64 4 1.764832
e 49 50 2.354024
e 49 51 -0.447733
e 61 54 0.137897
e 64 56 -0.677209
e 0 65 -0.221518
e 1 65 1.891646
e 2 65 2.132780
e 3 65 -3.188856
e 65 4 4.784795
e 65 5 0.603449
e 65 6 -0.210555
e 0 66 -37.799134
e 1 66 -43.744532
e 2 66 -30.109848
e 3 66 -9.131377
e 66 4 -0.998552
e 66 5 0.209246
e 66 6 1.024215
e 0 67 -0.602189
e 1 67 -0.351125
e 2 67 1.427529
e 3 67 -0.949253
e 67 4 0.108587
e 67 76 0.134326
e 67 6 0.183920
e 0 68 1.570017
e 1 68 -0.585975
e 2 68 -1.156268
e 3 68 0.310923
e 68 4 -0.127389
e 68 5 0.055862
e 68 6 0.222913
e 0 69 1.363439
e 1 69 -1.298031
e 2 69 -2.694492
e 3 69 0.263428
e 69 4 0.068566
e 69 5 0.048135
e 69 6 0.102204
e 0 70 -41.560342
e 1 70 -37.369852
e 2 70 -31.256071
e 3 70 -4.432268
e 70 4 -1.001171
e 70 75 0.340217
e 70 6 -0.543252
e 0 71 -5.630066
e 1 71 -2.102483
e 2 71 2.996034
e 3 71 -6.578030
e 71 4 0.062173
e 71 5 0.093350
e 71 6 0.076638
e 0 72 0.296127
e 1 72 0.449914
e 2 74 1.852848
e 3 72 -1.576970
e 72 4 -0.006289
e 72 5 -0.120428
e 72 6 -0.130290
e 73 72 -0.705697
e 74 73 1.293675
e 75 5 -2.067167
e 74 67 1.543793
e 76 5 0.529919
e 70 52 0.847059
e 52 74 1.173211
e 77 6 -0.213959
e 50 68 1.627167
e 59 71 2.086916
e 78 26 -1.016147
e 77 75 -0.083692
e 0 79 2.820125
e 1 79 -0.508447
e 2 79 0.233417
e 3 79 -2.990224
e 79 4 -3.750291
e 79 5 -0.648827
e 79 6 -0.516263
e 0 80 -11.034609
e 1 80 -7.176496
e 2 80 -1.924454
e 3 80 -3.144537
e 80 4 0.040400
e 80 5 0.113071
e 80 6 -0.244037
e 0 81 -12.740343
e 1 81 -8.370315
e 2 81 -6.419561
e 3 81 -4.771652
e 81 4 -0.132742
e 81 5 0.086549
e 81 6 0.194082
e 0 82 0.739532
e 1 82 2.468450
e 2 82 0.781403
e 3 82 -1.185907
e 82 4 -1.563372
e 82 5 1.012416
e 82 6 -1.217990
e 0 83 -2.539006
e 1 83 0.444378
e 2 83 -0.215045
e 3 83 2.186166
e 83 4 0.690955
e 83 5 0.366664
e 83 6 0.200053
e 0 84 -8.382204
e 1 84 -2.423999
e 2 84 -3.184620
e 3 84 -1.453158
e 84 4 0.501148
e 84 5 -2.191045
e 84 6 2.092232
e 0 85 0.204880
e 1 85 -1.847652
e 2 85 -0.734548
e 3 85 0.841946
e 85 4 -0.222599
e 85 5 -0.232923
e 85 6 -0.129377
e 0 92 1.096341
e 1 86 1.902044
e 2 91 1.627930
e 3 86 -1.069094
e 86 4 1.962998
e 86 5 -0.395046
e 86 6 0.593624
e 0 87 -0.142711
e 1 87 0.136672
e 2 87 1.032833
e 3 87 -1.340198
e 87 4 0.122745
e 87 5 -0.031595
e 87 6 0.027799
e 0 88 0.556286
e 1 88 -0.190370
e 2 88 -0.953110
e 3 88 -0.115576
e 88 4 -0.081252
e 88 5 0.024508
e 88 6 -0.024545
e 0 89 0.458157
e 1 89 1.647147
e 2 89 -0.752344
e 3 89 0.910903
e 89 4 -0.120946
e 89 5 -0.256830
e 89 6 -0.241963
e 0 90 -2.749557
e 1 90 -1.419307
e 2 90 1.563267
e 3 90 -1.357014
e 90 4 0.312915
e 90 5 0.101900
e 90 6 0.084159
e 91 86 -0.279596
e 92 86 0.705858
e 82 83 -1.997820
e 0 93 0.331606
e 1 93 -0.900287
e 2 93 0.833175
e 3 93 0.222738
e 93 4 0.404753
e 93 5 0.004046
e 93 6 0.181973
e 0 94 2.829696
e 1 94 -1.061758
e 2 94 0.116604
e 3 94 -1.904269
e 94 4 -1.838708
e 94 5 -0.192869
e 94 6 -0.400247
e 0 95 -0.541626
e 1 130 0.209115
e 2 95 2.136812
e 3 95 1.176954
e 95 4 1.168382
e 95 5 0.373385
e 95 6 0.344369
e 0 96 -7.836196
e 1 96 -5.614982
e 2 96 -4.478109
e 3 96 -1.699286
e 96 4 -0.099491
e 96 5 -0.160554
e 96 6 0.059304
e 0 97 -0.429283
e 1 97 -0.738881
e 2 97 -0.984605
e 3 97 0.064670
e 97 4 0.534077
e 97 5 -0.985613
e 97 131 -1.259361
e 0 98 0.208952
e 1 101 0.727001
e 2 98 -1.391092
e 3 98 1.360142
e 98 4 -0.236581
e 98 5 -0.007709
e 98 6 0.128179
e 0 99 0.533824
e 1 99 -0.421331
e 2 99 1.007705
e 3 102 2.113333
e 99 128 -0.009502
e 99 5 0.150169
e 99 6 0.547775
e 0 100 1.018865
e 1 100 0.003670
e 2 100 0.307508
e 3 100 -1.485824
e 100 4 0.367608
e 100 104 -0.061761
e 100 6 -0.583110
e 101 98 -1.672383
e 0 101 0.253579
e 102 99 -0.418950
e 103 5 0.230113
e 104 103 -2.002542
e 0 105 -6.710654
e 1 105 -5.128357
e 2 105 -2.086818
e 3 105 -1.259240
e 105 4 0.033403
e 105 5 -0.096161
e 105 6 -0.104841
e 0 106 -0.404999
e 1 106 1.192735
e 2 106 -1.252559
e 3 106 -1.237686
e 106 4 0.873809
e 106 5 -0.143576
e 106 6 -0.225759
e 0 107 0.785692
e 1 107 -1.796028
e 2 107 1.486003
e 3 107 -0.169406
e 107 110 0.787426
e 107 109 -0.877226
e 107 6 0.057935
e 0 108 -1.059843
e 1 108 3.446655
e 2 108 1.464528
e 3 108 1.830410
e 108 4 -0.196602
e 108 5 0.069217
e 108 129 0.428693
e 109 5 0.097230
e 110 4 -0.885197
e 0 111 2.368557
e 1 116 1.210963
e 2 111 -0.096046
e 3 111 0.124797
e 111 4 0.609370
e 111 5 0.093949
e 111 6 -0.053236
e 0 112 0.178427
e 1 112 -0.242244
e 2 112 -0.795477
e 3 112 -1.368880
e 112 115 0.123264
e 112 5 -0.289447
e 112 6 -0.548157
e 0 113 0.183575
e 1 113 -0.853563
e 2 113 -1.514744
e 3 113 2.067500
e 113 4 1.475692
e 113 5 -0.007228
e 113 6 0.021108
e 0 114 -0.372518
e 1 114 -0.166041
e 2 114 0.757951
e 3 114 0.635956
e 114 4 0.070767
e 114 5 0.001842
e 114 6 -0.106104
e 115 4 1.527927
e 116 111 -0.880024
e 0 117 5.456205
e 1 117 4.602835
e 2 117 4.845225
e 3 117 1.396116
e 117 4 0.001401
e 117 5 -0.040775
e 117 6 -0.015430
e 0 118 -39.041066
e 1 126 -34.826088
e 2 118 -44.084546
e 3 118 -12.535275
e 118 4 -0.122252
e 118 5 -0.268555
e 118 6 -0.138248
e 0 119 -66.653268
e 1 119 -49.700497
e 2 132 -47.274965
e 3 119 -20.129702
e 119 4 0.151264
e 119 5 -0.596937
e 119 6 -1.277570
e 0 120 -37.002261
e 1 120 -29.274429
e 2 120 -27.508950
e 3 120 -13.089101
e 120 4 0.324260
e 120 5 -1.121821
e 120 6 -0.201942
e 0 121 -0.274483
e 1 121 0.261094
e 2 121 1.209390
e 3 121 -1.441390
e 121 4 0.135726
e 121 5 -0.048185
e 121 6 0.073349
e 0 122 1.012541
e 1 122 -0.932513
e 2 122 -1.207654
e 3 122 0.232545
e 122 4 -0.224675
e 122 5 -0.026415
e 122 6 -0.006558
e 0 123 0.572560
e 1 127 1.790756
e 2 123 -0.425906
e 3 125 1.007906
e 123 4 0.427630
e 123 5 -0.138954
e 123 6 -0.273652
e 0 124 -2.067546
e 1 124 -1.672712
e 2 124 0.817956
e 3 124 -1.550383
e 124 4 -0.787985
e 124 5 -0.047231
e 124 6 -0.024402
e 125 123 -1.233002
e 126 118 -15.395104
e 127 123 -0.464203
e 122 107 3.147776
e 90 107 -1.320091
e 128 4 -0.154523
e 129 6 -0.029620
e 82 80 -0.822313
e 130 95 0.153170
e 131 6 -1.084752
e 31 105 -1.292177
e 132 119 0.395526
e 111 54 0.681233
e 133 6 0.338459
e 0 134 -0.298957
e 1 134 -0.172542
e 2 134 1.364757
e 3 134 -1.141978
e 134 4 -0.171083
e 134 5 0.023903
e 134 6 -0.013948
e 0 138 0.019091
e 1 135 -0.139435
e 2 135 -0.348066
e 3 135 0.451183
e 135 4 -0.089898
e 135 5 -0.067372
e 135 6 -0.133024
e 0 136 0.642562
e 1 136 1.649811
e 2 136 -0.753171
e 3 136 0.910126
e 136 4 -0.154800
e 136 5 0.170766
e 136 6 0.125957
e 0 137 -2.285314
e 1 137 -1.905797
e 2 137 0.819420
e 3 137 -1.741785
e 137 4 0.001826
e 137 5 -0.029252
e 137 139 0.053517
e 138 135 0.315026
e 134 136 0.466373
e 139 6 -0.146885
e 0 140 2.347562
e 1 140 0.810550
e 2 140 0.976984
e 3 140 -4.376297
e 140 4 -4.629938
e 140 5 -0.657348
e 140 6 -0.211426
e 0 141 -10.629736
e 1 141 -6.694138
e 2 141 -1.483956
e 3 141 -2.831630
e 141 4 0.312970
e 141 5 0.171324
e 141 6 -0.311137
e 0 142 -11.617294
e 1 154 -1.645511
e 2 142 -5.857521
e 3 142 -4.536881
e 142 4 0.139828
e 142 5 0.144801
e 142 6 0.126982
e 0 143 0.739314
e 1 143 2.471192
e 2 143 0.779448
e 3 143 -1.185687
e 143 155 -1.560484
e 143 5 1.013057
e 143 6 -1.221968
e 0 144 -2.421432
e 1 144 0.488681
e 2 144 -0.240260
e 3 144 2.227841
e 144 4 0.998465
e 144 5 0.257642
e 144 6 0.112846
e 0 145 -7.940068
e 1 145 -1.130740
e 2 145 -3.190748
e 3 145 -1.486014
e 145 4 0.501148
e 145 5 -2.191045
e 145 6 2.092232
e 0 146 0.199115
e 1 146 -1.865153
e 2 146 -0.754988
e 3 146 0.827393
e 146 4 -0.528708
e 146 5 -0.134810
e 146 6 -0.086282
e 0 153 1.076383
e 1 147 1.548474
e 2 152 1.108241
e 3 147 -0.981992
e 147 4 1.794982
e 147 5 -0.166514
e 147 6 0.634962
e 0 148 -0.162996
e 1 148 0.146942
e 2 148 1.188419
e 3 148 -1.199039
e 148 4 0.194845
e 148 5 -0.004752
e 148 6 0.081431
e 0 149 0.818067
e 1 149 -0.324159
e 2 149 -1.445715
e 3 149 -0.343476
e 149 4 -0.147337
e 149 5 0.008244
e 149 6 -0.015016
e 0 150 0.477986
e 1 150 1.659081
e 2 150 -0.810791
e 3 150 0.888502
e 150 4 -0.535171
e 150 5 -0.192136
e 150 6 0.007710
e 0 151 -2.276997
e 1 151 -1.805096
e 2 151 1.359109
e 3 151 -1.427931
e 151 4 -0.029126
e 151 5 0.010583
e 151 6 0.011343
e 152 147 -0.239560
e 153 147 0.795282
e 143 144 -1.997679
e 154 142 -2.372466
e 137 135 -1.064688
e 155 156 -0.185813
e 134 141 1.236666
e 156 4 -0.612689
e 0 157 0.558678
e 1 157 -0.585666
e 2 157 -1.296725
e 3 157 -0.267746
e 157 4 -0.294143
e 157 5 -0.405462
e 157 6 -0.136146
e 0 158 -0.556150
e 1 158 -1.272685
e 2 158 -1.441166
e 3 158 -3.439143
e 158 4 -0.242026
e 158 5 0.114461
e 158 6 0.421567
e 0 159 -0.427786
e 1 159 0.428635
e 2 159 1.684151
e 3 159 -1.551987
e 159 4 0.253573
e 159 5 -0.012505
e 159 6 0.021992
e 0 161 -0.076176
e 1 160 1.862514
e 2 160 1.018411
e 3 160 -0.738716
e 160 4 0.072057
e 160 5 0.120355
e 160 6 -0.285656
e 161 160 -0.469312
e 0 162 -0.311907
e 1 162 1.759765
e 2 162 1.665808
e 3 162 -2.398139
e 162 4 4.088258
e 162 5 1.230154
e 162 6 -0.101905
e 0 163 -16.197563
e 1 163 -25.638659
e 2 163 -16.956025
e 3 163 -8.433968
e 163 4 -0.409560
e 163 5 0.065809
e 163 6 0.805163
e 0 164 0.031441
e 1 164 -0.079340
e 2 164 1.355132
e 3 164 -0.940345
e 164 4 -0.550435
e 164 173 0.768719
e 164 6 0.555795
e 0 165 1.315914
e 1 165 -0.282422
e 2 165 -1.631010
e 3 165 0.245507
e 165 4 0.612045
e 165 175 1.267413
e 165 6 0.102566
e 0 166 1.076161
e 1 174 0.212108
e 2 166 -2.105640
e 3 166 -0.836181
e 166 4 0.099268
e 166 5 0.018385
e 166 6 0.165487
e 0 167 -14.412527
e 1 167 -19.263331
e 2 167 -13.253492
e 3 167 -3.739044
e 167 4 -0.412179
e 167 172 0.281563
e 167 6 -0.762304
e 0 168 -5.273823
e 1 168 -1.792497
e 2 168 2.206498
e 3 168 -4.302017
e 168 4 0.141817
e 168 5 0.186543
e 168 6 -0.130817
e 0 169 0.003801
e 1 169 0.714677
e 2 171 0.232951
e 3 169 -0.617378
e 169 4 0.011949
e 169 5 0.059429
e 169 6 -0.076988
e 170 169 -1.165037
e 171 170 -2.368050
e 172 5 -2.130486
e 171 164 1.026726
e 173 5 0.587338
e 174 166 -1.084783
e 175 5 -1.100803
e 173 166 -1.277890
e 0 176 -0.469749
e 1 176 0.168520
e 2 176 1.881750
e 3 176 -1.092423
e 176 4 0.277765
e 176 5 0.011845
e 176 180 0.564220
e 0 177 -0.485782
e 1 177 -0.295030
e 2 177 -0.071150
e 3 177 2.490716
e 177 4 -0.088274
e 177 5 -0.061765
e 177 6 -0.033773
e 0 178 0.514768
e 1 178 0.539712
e 2 178 0.257846
e 3 178 0.147383
e 178 4 -1.641020
e 178 5 1.512865
e 178 6 0.433533
e 0 179 2.086821
e 1 179 -0.147582
e 2 179 1.245806
e 3 179 -0.161578
e 179 181 -0.839802
e 179 5 0.082952
e 179 6 0.018323
e 180 6 -0.111167
e 181 4 -0.885567
e 170 174 -0.459247
