n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden relu
n 8 hidden tanh
n 9 hidden relu
n 10 hidden sine
n 11 hidden relu
n 12 hidden gaussian
n 13 hidden sine
n 14 hidden sigmoid
n 15 hidden tanh
n 16 hidden identity
n 17 hidden gaussian
n 18 hidden sine
n 19 hidden sine
n 20 hidden sigmoid
n 21 hidden sigmoid
n 22 hidden sigmoid
n 23 hidden identity
n 24 hidden identity
n 25 hidden tanh
n 26 hidden sine
n 27 hidden tanh
n 28 hidden identity
n 29 hidden gaussian
n 30 hidden identity
n 31 hidden relu
n 32 hidden relu
n 33 hidden gaussian
n 34 hidden relu
n 35 hidden tanh
n 36 hidden sine
n 37 hidden gaussian
n 38 hidden tanh
n 39 hidden gaussian
n 40 hidden sigmoid
n 41 hidden sine
n 42 hidden sine
n 43 hidden gaussian
n 44 hidden sigmoid
n 45 hidden identity
n 46 hidden sine
n 47 hidden sine
n 48 hidden relu
n 49 hidden relu
n 50 hidden identity
n 51 hidden sine
n 52 hidden gaussian
n 53 hidden relu
n 54 hidden sigmoid
n 55 hidden tanh
n 56 hidden sine
n 57 hidden relu
n 58 hidden relu
n 59 hidden identity
n 60 hidden relu
n 61 hidden sine
n 62 hidden gaussian
n 63 hidden relu
n 64 hidden relu
n 65 hidden sigmoid
n 66 hidden tanh
n 67 hidden sigmoid
n 68 hidden tanh
n 69 hidden gaussian
n 70 hidden identity
n 71 hidden identity
n 72 hidden tanh
n 73 hidden sine
n 74 hidden sine
n 75 hidden identity
n 76 hidden tanh
n 77 hidden tanh
n 78 hidden gaussian
n 79 hidden sigmoid
n 80 hidden relu
n 81 hidden sigmoid
n 82 hidden sine
n 83 hidden sigmoid
n 84 hidden tanh
n 85 hidden identity
n 86 hidden gaussian
n 87 hidden sine
n 88 hidden sine
n 89 hidden gaussian
n 90 hidden sigmoid
n 91 hidden sigmoid
n 92 hidden sigmoid
n 93 hidden relu
n 94 hidden tanh
n 95 hidden sine
n 96 hidden sigmoid
n 97 hidden sigmoid
n 98 hidden sigmoid
n 99 hidden identity
n 100 hidden identity
n 101 hidden tanh
n 102 hidden sine
n 103 hidden tanh
n 104 hidden identity
n 105 hidden identity
n 106 hidden identity
n 107 hidden gaussian
n 108 hidden sine
n 109 hidden sigmoid
n 110 hidden gaussian
n 111 hidden relu
n 112 hidden identity
n 113 hidden tanh
n 114 hidden relu
n 115 hidden gaussian
n 116 hidden gaussian
n 117 hidden relu
n 118 hidden relu
n 119 hidden gaussian
n 120 hidden gaussian
n 121 hidden tanh
n 122 hidden sine
n 123 hidden sigmoid
n 124 hidden gaussian
n 125 hidden sigmoid
n 126 hidden tanh
n 127 hidden gaussian
n 128 hidden sigmoid
n 129 hidden relu
n 130 hidden sigmoid
n 131 hidden gaussian
n 132 hidden sigmoid
n 133 hidden relu
n 134 hidden gaussian
n 135 hidden tanh
n 136 hidden sigmoid
n 137 hidden gaussian
n 138 hidden identity
n 139 hidden gaussian
n 140 hidden gaussian
n 141 hidden tanh
n 142 hidden gaussian
n 143 hidden sigmoid
n 144 hidden sine
n 145 hidden sine
n 146 hidden gaussian
n 147 hidden sigmoid
n 148 hidden identity
n 149 hidden sine
n 150 hidden sine
n 151 hidden relu
n 152 hidden relu
n 153 hidden identity
n 154 hidden sine
n 155 hidden gaussian
n 156 hidden relu
n 157 hidden sigmoid
n 158 hidden tanh
n 159 hidden sine
n 160 hidden relu
n 161 hidden relu
n 162 hidden identity
n 163 hidden relu
n 164 hidden sine
n 165 hidden gaussian
n 166 hidden relu
n 167 hidden relu
n 168 hidden relu
n 169 hidden identity
n 170 hidden sigmoid
n 171 hidden gaussian
n 172 hidden tanh
n 173 hidden relu
n 174 hidden gaussian
n 175 hidden identity
n 176 hidden sigmoid
n 177 hidden sigmoid
n 178 hidden gaussian
n 179 hidden tanh
n 180 hidden gaussian
n 181 hidden tanh
n 182 hidden relu
n 183 hidden tanh
n 184 hidden relu
n 185 hidden sine
n 186 hidden relu
n 187 hidden gaussian
n 188 hidden sine
n 189 hidden sigmoid
n 190 hidden tanh
n 191 hidden identity
n 192 hidden gaussian
n 193 hidden sine
n 194 hidden sine
n 195 hidden sigmoid
n 196 hidden sigmoid
n 197 hidden sigmoid
n 198 hidden identity
n 199 hidden identity
n 200 hidden tanh
n 201 hidden sine
n 202 hidden tanh
n 203 hidden identity
n 204 hidden gaussian
n 205 hidden relu
n 206 hidden sigmoid
e 0 7 -5.843242
e 1 32 -0.272711
e 2 7 -3.891494
e 3 7 -0.516275
e 7 4 -0.456285
e 7 5 -0.136919
e 7 31 0.189319
e 0 8 -0.286341
e 1 8 0.919386
e 2 8 -0.659297
e 3 8 -1.383724
e 8 4 -0.219709
e 8 5 -0.218261
e 8 6 -0.345183
e 0 9 0.666881
e 1 9 -0.582741
e 2 9 1.947983
e 3 9 0.164842
e 9 12 0.889693
e 9 11 0.044601
e 9 6 -0.216965
e 0 10 -1.000577
e 1 10 3.094003
e 2 10 1.222270
e 3 10 2.207692
e 10 4 -0.211405
e 10 5 -0.003303
e 10 6 0.108072
e 11 5 0.070341
e 12 4 -0.649730
e 0 13 0.933289
e 1 18 -0.123839
e 2 34 -1.806937
e 3 13 0.712527
e 13 4 -1.422419
e 13 5 -0.101982
e 13 6 0.185285
e 0 14 0.073039
e 1 14 -0.459825
e 2 14 -0.827739
e 3 14 -1.404226
e 14 17 0.121427
e 14 5 -0.268874
e 14 6 -0.537303
e 0 15 0.333435
e 1 15 -0.911660
e 2 15 -1.399162
e 3 15 1.352242
e 15 4 1.157035
e 15 5 -0.097035
e 15 6 -0.352780
e 0 16 -0.719510
e 1 16 0.374141
e 2 16 1.546332
e 3 16 0.417424
e 16 30 0.579375
e 16 5 0.059723
e 16 6 -0.077756
e 17 4 1.346907
e 18 13 -0.141155
e 0 19 5.506123
e 1 19 4.632895
e 2 19 4.851121
e 3 19 1.261594
e 19 4 0.012908
e 19 5 -0.055965
e 19 6 -0.080459
e 0 20 -38.896346
e 1 28 -33.773609
e 2 20 -43.822698
e 3 20 -12.406074
e 20 4 -0.089503
e 20 5 -0.351524
e 20 6 -0.045426
e 0 21 -66.578008
e 1 21 -49.696732
e 2 21 -47.257866
e 3 21 -20.203721
e 21 4 0.151264
e 21 5 -0.596937
e 21 33 -1.277570
e 0 22 -37.030766
e 1 22 -29.560869
e 2 22 -27.462036
e 3 22 -13.136727
e 22 4 0.324260
e 22 5 -1.121821
e 22 6 -0.201942
e 0 23 -0.478301
e 1 23 0.376460
e 2 23 3.057599
e 3 23 -2.287731
e 23 4 0.708165
e 23 36 -0.116082
e 23 35 0.031363
e 0 24 0.150488
e 1 24 -0.465731
e 2 24 -0.730121
e 3 24 0.799349
e 24 4 -0.262764
e 24 5 -0.343320
e 24 6 0.189464
e 0 25 0.797165
e 1 29 1.785417
e 2 25 -0.198317
e 3 27 1.006656
e 25 4 1.824287
e 25 5 0.208056
e 25 6 0.103157
e 0 26 -2.130257
e 1 26 -2.014715
e 2 26 0.385778
e 3 26 -1.261440
e 26 4 -0.279237
e 26 5 0.139053
e 26 6 0.136786
e 27 25 -1.204930
e 28 20 -12.832705
e 29 25 -0.499001
e 30 4 0.578867
e 16 9 0.137181
e 31 6 0.868736
e 9 29 -0.029317
e 32 7 -1.192788
e 33 6 -1.257406
e 34 13 0.564911
e 35 6 1.542309
e 15 9 -0.289690
e 36 5 0.637050
e 4 6 1.765174
e 0 37 -1.370151
e 1 37 0.227166
e 2 37 3.517523
e 3 37 0.512652
e 37 4 -0.287952
e 37 5 -0.452153
e 37 6 0.021887
e 0 38 -0.469258
e 1 38 0.156125
e 2 38 2.223741
e 3 38 0.788325
e 38 4 0.471124
e 38 5 0.500935
e 38 6 0.455345
e 0 39 1.475602
e 1 39 0.238151
e 2 39 0.362154
e 3 39 -3.308955
e 39 4 -3.813429
e 39 5 0.219662
e 39 6 0.725337
e 0 40 -3.152957
e 1 40 -2.728709
e 2 40 -0.615777
e 3 40 -3.458125
e 40 41 0.135983
e 40 5 0.442068
e 40 6 -0.846523
e 41 4 0.939850
e 0 42 0.967602
e 1 42 1.333147
e 2 42 0.104632
e 3 42 0.084359
e 42 4 -0.347204
e 42 5 -0.005704
e 42 6 -0.118337
e 0 43 -1.065088
e 1 43 -0.415804
e 2 43 -0.793126
e 3 43 0.284297
e 43 4 0.090424
e 43 5 -0.713593
e 43 6 0.087796
e 0 44 -0.237888
e 1 44 0.428815
e 2 44 0.075974
e 3 44 1.067396
e 44 4 0.391342
e 44 5 0.335795
e 44 6 0.288735
e 0 45 0.781140
e 1 45 -0.135388
e 2 45 0.685657
e 3 45 -1.607883
e 45 46 10.040833
e 45 5 0.196292
e 45 6 0.096057
e 46 4 0.048810
e 0 47 0.983336
e 1 64 -0.632010
e 2 47 -1.810630
e 3 47 -1.190111
e 47 4 0.494991
e 47 5 -0.104977
e 47 6 -0.098394
e 0 48 -15.379251
e 1 48 -14.866995
e 2 48 -10.380562
e 3 48 -4.194102
e 48 4 -0.085292
e 48 51 0.317183
e 48 6 -0.419583
e 0 49 -6.860947
e 1 49 -2.210096
e 2 49 1.719032
e 3 49 -4.090490
e 49 4 0.101109
e 49 5 0.054428
e 49 6 0.060704
e 0 50 -0.748740
e 1 50 0.351401
e 2 50 1.966999
e 3 50 -0.810819
e 50 4 0.118353
e 50 5 -0.023267
e 50 6 -0.192169
e 51 5 -0.964270
e 0 52 0.282532
e 1 52 3.181799
e 2 52 -0.086974
e 3 52 -1.030929
e 52 4 3.104407
e 52 5 0.408613
e 52 6 -0.432117
e 0 53 -16.438653
e 1 53 -27.193610
e 2 53 -20.742287
e 3 53 -9.010705
e 53 4 -0.425914
e 53 5 -0.289395
e 53 6 0.860306
e 0 54 0.223070
e 1 54 0.040723
e 2 54 1.328562
e 3 54 -0.899461
e 54 4 0.950600
e 54 63 0.589040
e 54 6 -0.949965
e 0 55 1.165202
e 1 55 -0.287523
e 2 55 -1.673276
e 3 55 0.154271
e 55 4 0.016103
e 55 5 0.069152
e 55 6 -0.022790
e 0 56 0.757248
e 1 56 -0.089642
e 2 56 -0.378984
e 3 56 -1.408889
e 56 65 -0.074006
e 56 5 -0.213044
e 56 6 -0.029503
e 0 57 -16.456968
e 1 57 -21.703491
e 2 57 -17.472354
e 3 57 -4.600827
e 57 125 -0.446022
e 57 62 0.169782
e 57 6 -0.707161
e 0 58 -7.059712
e 1 58 -3.601948
e 2 58 0.625106
e 3 58 -4.960436
e 58 124 0.072305
e 58 5 -0.075312
e 58 6 -0.079346
e 0 59 0.042188
e 1 59 0.765096
e 2 61 1.355681
e 3 59 -0.699433
e 59 4 0.152152
e 59 5 -0.027127
e 59 6 0.091770
e 60 59 -1.059594
e 61 60 -0.899684
e 62 5 -2.269211
e 61 54 0.909077
e 63 5 0.821298
e 64 47 0.309705
e 42 46 0.060310
e 57 56 -0.197853
e 65 4 1.543635
e 0 76 -2.521671
e 1 66 0.367216
e 2 66 -0.128833
e 3 66 2.144948
e 66 4 0.727621
e 66 5 0.638667
e 66 75 0.678628
e 0 67 -7.050991
e 1 67 -4.204675
e 2 67 -3.322389
e 3 67 -1.696162
e 67 4 0.501148
e 67 5 -2.191045
e 67 91 2.092232
e 0 68 0.137935
e 1 68 -1.780832
e 2 74 -0.623772
e 3 68 0.859553
e 68 4 0.439559
e 68 5 0.323875
e 68 6 0.394168
e 0 69 1.045608
e 1 69 0.818917
e 2 94 1.228387
e 3 69 -0.844213
e 69 4 0.130950
e 69 5 -0.476473
e 69 6 1.559955
e 0 70 0.177886
e 1 70 0.382012
e 2 70 1.261661
e 3 70 -2.110995
e 70 4 0.209861
e 70 5 0.039996
e 70 6 0.108016
e 0 71 0.148529
e 1 71 -0.157870
e 2 71 -0.550550
e 3 71 0.539661
e 71 4 -0.054808
e 71 5 -0.018007
e 71 6 -0.020077
e 0 72 0.239641
e 1 72 1.614968
e 2 72 -0.705412
e 3 72 0.926222
e 72 4 0.157689
e 72 5 -0.187731
e 72 6 -0.235239
e 0 123 -1.528970
e 1 73 -1.957050
e 2 73 1.407439
e 3 73 -1.333024
e 73 4 0.038923
e 73 5 -0.065805
e 73 6 0.084821
e 74 68 0.818924
e 75 6 0.097185
e 76 66 -0.921057
e 0 77 -1.439132
e 1 77 0.367385
e 2 77 0.042675
e 3 77 0.578460
e 77 4 1.090294
e 77 5 0.387176
e 77 6 0.252902
e 0 78 2.277903
e 1 78 0.885321
e 2 78 0.335073
e 3 78 0.407434
e 78 4 -0.755831
e 78 5 -1.980375
e 78 6 0.666158
e 0 79 -2.511578
e 1 79 -1.252945
e 2 79 -0.367039
e 3 79 1.740448
e 79 4 -0.709751
e 79 5 -0.099259
e 79 6 0.075173
e 0 80 -0.325624
e 1 93 -0.097486
e 2 80 1.259730
e 3 80 0.335056
e 80 81 0.443735
e 80 5 0.237199
e 80 6 0.098085
e 81 4 0.024306
e 75 70 -1.500560
e 0 82 1.362790
e 1 87 0.333251
e 2 82 -0.234369
e 3 82 -0.126815
e 82 4 0.044376
e 82 5 0.002130
e 82 6 0.004706
e 0 83 -0.628942
e 1 83 -0.393100
e 2 83 -6.117161
e 3 88 -1.526252
e 83 86 -0.161093
e 83 5 -1.192076
e 83 6 -0.258831
e 0 84 0.128499
e 1 84 -1.285048
e 2 84 -1.117036
e 3 84 2.639308
e 84 4 1.198796
e 84 5 0.026195
e 84 90 0.021624
e 0 85 -0.379012
e 1 85 0.630447
e 2 85 1.184848
e 3 85 -1.656316
e 85 4 0.180579
e 85 89 -0.359878
e 85 92 -0.070068
e 86 4 1.493019
e 87 82 -3.308822
e 88 83 0.801329
e 89 5 0.164218
e 90 6 -0.437460
e 91 6 1.234531
e 92 6 0.256948
e 83 77 -2.065962
e 93 80 -1.046810
e 94 69 -0.190514
e 90 92 0.800910
e 0 95 5.674177
e 1 95 4.615743
e 2 95 4.500177
e 3 95 1.377165
e 95 4 0.029995
e 95 5 0.025546
e 95 6 -0.008618
e 0 96 -39.199988
e 1 104 -33.488489
e 2 96 -44.083376
e 3 96 -12.516974
e 96 4 0.064275
e 96 5 0.209871
e 96 6 0.109741
e 0 97 -65.594156
e 1 97 -49.036279
e 2 97 -47.199106
e 3 97 -20.114771
e 97 4 0.151264
e 97 5 -0.596937
e 97 6 -1.277570
e 0 98 -36.907455
e 1 98 -29.233121
e 2 98 -27.747291
e 3 98 -13.340135
e 98 4 0.324260
e 98 5 -1.121821
e 98 6 -0.201942
e 0 112 -0.118019
e 1 99 0.153176
e 2 99 1.090335
e 3 99 -1.460021
e 99 4 0.125542
e 99 5 -0.137629
e 99 6 0.164307
e 0 100 -0.001688
e 1 100 -0.072680
e 2 100 -0.204146
e 3 100 0.408051
e 100 4 -0.036257
e 100 5 -0.214428
e 100 6 0.229482
e 0 101 0.763927
e 1 101 1.414857
e 2 101 -0.936658
e 3 103 0.990342
e 101 4 0.313330
e 101 5 0.042208
e 101 6 0.264805
e 0 102 -1.801216
e 1 102 -1.354714
e 2 102 1.362714
e 3 102 -1.483388
e 102 113 -0.225279
e 102 5 0.059366
e 102 6 0.098788
e 103 101 -0.518828
e 104 96 -12.064173
e 0 105 -0.222824
e 1 105 0.058697
e 2 105 1.299221
e 3 105 -1.290302
e 105 4 0.082309
e 105 5 0.029341
e 105 110 0.440401
e 0 111 0.204628
e 1 106 -0.792852
e 2 106 -0.426744
e 3 106 2.434089
e 106 4 -0.398500
e 106 5 -0.060441
e 106 6 -0.104581
e 0 107 0.598448
e 1 107 0.500933
e 2 107 0.090479
e 3 107 0.042983
e 107 4 -1.845296
e 107 5 1.441061
e 107 6 0.452785
e 0 108 1.561008
e 1 108 -0.894153
e 2 108 -0.144764
e 3 108 2.679424
e 108 4 -0.686720
e 108 5 0.101634
e 108 6 0.165307
e 109 6 0.178834
e 110 109 1.550101
e 111 106 -0.516609
e 112 99 0.889519
e 95 98 0.258048
e 113 4 -0.562264
e 0 114 -41.055354
e 1 114 -30.595984
e 2 114 -21.448306
e 3 114 -3.767640
e 114 4 -0.786847
e 114 5 -0.096941
e 114 6 -0.274875
e 0 115 0.111120
e 1 115 1.452276
e 2 115 0.349006
e 3 115 -0.030718
e 115 4 1.771956
e 115 5 1.289882
e 115 6 1.184631
e 0 116 -0.015165
e 1 116 1.847959
e 2 116 1.301173
e 3 116 -2.852761
e 116 4 4.168720
e 116 5 0.249711
e 116 6 -0.101271
e 0 117 -1.133401
e 1 117 0.496399
e 2 117 1.305244
e 3 117 -3.954757
e 117 4 0.061197
e 117 5 0.132320
e 117 6 0.202324
e 0 118 -32.304719
e 1 118 -21.051309
e 2 118 -24.233793
e 3 118 -2.301169
e 118 4 -0.659382
e 118 5 -0.459164
e 118 6 -0.274798
e 0 122 2.017095
e 1 119 -0.470451
e 2 119 -0.190956
e 3 119 0.068828
e 119 4 0.456476
e 119 5 -0.072942
e 119 6 0.090699
e 0 120 -1.363449
e 1 120 0.370042
e 2 120 1.466064
e 3 120 0.170801
e 120 4 -0.072942
e 120 5 0.124064
e 120 6 0.063159
e 0 121 -0.315268
e 1 121 0.130068
e 2 121 1.872617
e 3 121 0.473453
e 121 4 0.768692
e 121 5 0.434571
e 121 6 0.370760
e 122 119 -0.701138
e 123 73 1.477938
e 102 53 -1.420047
e 124 4 -1.984778
e 105 66 -0.049347
e 125 4 0.998524
e 39 68 0.575955
e 0 126 -1.466183
e 1 126 0.602104
e 2 126 0.091749
e 3 126 -0.227666
e 126 132 1.553575
e 126 5 0.118332
e 126 133 -0.382019
e 0 127 2.291814
e 1 127 0.895485
e 2 127 0.373330
e 3 127 0.407406
e 127 4 -0.751945
e 127 5 -1.981914
e 127 6 0.666087
e 0 128 -0.106703
e 1 128 0.504263
e 2 128 -0.206523
e 3 205 2.080330
e 128 4 0.059098
e 128 131 -0.008122
e 128 6 0.071768
e 0 129 -0.634354
e 1 129 -0.421796
e 2 129 2.138173
e 3 129 0.220122
e 129 130 1.768382
e 129 5 -0.016405
e 129 6 -0.045176
e 130 4 0.444220
e 131 5 -0.106440
e 131 126 1.850907
e 132 4 1.306401
e 133 6 -0.183749
e 0 134 1.169227
e 1 134 -0.796322
e 2 134 1.551259
e 3 134 -1.643862
e 134 4 -2.748872
e 134 5 -0.777497
e 134 6 -1.240681
e 0 135 1.584079
e 1 135 -0.573619
e 2 135 1.009291
e 3 135 0.909094
e 135 4 0.307207
e 135 5 0.425630
e 135 6 0.478306
e 0 136 -7.023507
e 1 136 -23.964706
e 2 136 -54.351381
e 3 136 -5.203888
e 136 4 -1.356341
e 136 5 -1.066968
e 136 6 1.484027
e 0 138 0.619720
e 1 137 -1.398704
e 2 137 -0.492309
e 3 137 1.114942
e 137 4 -0.716501
e 137 5 -0.186164
e 137 6 0.823168
e 138 139 0.853480
e 138 6 0.073819
e 139 137 1.088310
e 0 140 -1.368037
e 1 140 -0.150875
e 2 140 3.695117
e 3 140 0.462089
e 140 4 -0.704605
e 140 5 -0.298615
e 140 6 -0.004147
e 0 141 -0.503362
e 1 141 0.188432
e 2 141 2.295544
e 3 141 0.788915
e 141 4 0.657347
e 141 5 0.647988
e 141 6 0.454956
e 0 142 1.996213
e 1 142 1.034085
e 2 142 0.215836
e 3 142 -2.484816
e 142 4 -3.207124
e 142 5 0.082525
e 142 6 0.561429
e 0 143 -3.243795
e 1 143 -2.787986
e 2 206 -0.706842
e 3 143 -3.472248
e 143 144 0.135983
e 143 5 0.442068
e 143 6 -0.846523
e 144 4 0.939850
e 0 168 0.925712
e 1 145 1.576062
e 2 145 -0.405668
e 3 145 -0.234743
e 145 4 -0.001159
e 145 5 0.028616
e 145 6 0.178075
e 0 146 -1.065311
e 1 146 -0.415739
e 2 146 -0.793129
e 3 146 0.284309
e 146 4 0.091108
e 146 5 -0.713511
e 146 6 0.087425
e 0 147 -0.918896
e 1 147 0.300539
e 2 147 -0.111986
e 3 147 0.983528
e 147 4 -0.189694
e 147 5 0.105070
e 147 6 0.368541
e 0 148 0.328087
e 1 148 0.220319
e 2 148 0.686402
e 3 148 -1.498805
e 148 149 9.900702
e 148 5 0.047024
e 148 6 0.083844
e 149 4 -0.026813
e 0 150 0.069678
e 1 167 -0.904138
e 2 150 -2.446200
e 3 150 -1.312622
e 150 4 -0.204868
e 150 5 -0.016879
e 150 6 -0.100148
e 0 151 -15.339705
e 1 151 -15.317174
e 2 151 -10.783893
e 3 151 -4.381599
e 151 4 -0.194081
e 151 154 0.507171
e 151 6 -0.310051
e 0 152 -8.084636
e 1 152 -3.101260
e 2 152 1.418144
e 3 152 -4.309207
e 152 4 0.043364
e 152 5 0.218174
e 152 6 0.196231
e 0 153 -0.705407
e 1 153 0.168528
e 2 153 2.043219
e 3 153 -0.756491
e 153 4 0.210865
e 153 5 0.028157
e 153 6 0.025579
e 154 5 -0.928415
e 0 155 0.069812
e 1 169 2.767293
e 2 155 -0.043932
e 3 155 -1.009646
e 155 4 3.065287
e 155 5 0.675540
e 155 6 -0.124814
e 0 156 -16.319388
e 1 156 -26.843730
e 2 156 -21.265638
e 3 156 -9.134167
e 156 4 -0.534703
e 156 5 -0.175991
e 156 6 0.969838
e 0 157 0.207847
e 1 157 0.024083
e 2 157 1.325446
e 3 157 -0.900129
e 157 4 0.855210
e 157 166 0.694476
e 157 6 -0.828575
e 0 158 1.497070
e 1 158 -0.752973
e 2 158 -1.049404
e 3 158 0.330525
e 158 4 0.458934
e 158 5 0.063239
e 158 6 0.086542
e 0 159 0.575095
e 1 159 0.714608
e 2 159 -0.125333
e 3 159 -1.928482
e 159 4 -0.505748
e 159 5 -0.139505
e 159 6 -0.076093
e 0 160 -18.420510
e 1 160 -22.420479
e 2 160 -18.746397
e 3 160 -4.652442
e 160 4 -0.537322
e 160 165 0.207320
e 160 6 -0.597629
e 0 161 -8.697984
e 1 161 -4.999379
e 2 161 -0.163011
e 3 161 -5.411845
e 161 4 0.008395
e 161 5 0.037840
e 161 6 0.029854
e 0 162 0.169956
e 1 162 0.590485
e 2 164 2.142492
e 3 162 -0.609372
e 162 4 -0.061893
e 162 5 0.050469
e 162 6 -0.013814
e 163 162 -0.955523
e 164 163 -2.128458
e 165 5 -2.224466
e 164 157 0.918531
e 166 5 0.897416
e 167 150 0.513229
e 145 149 0.080760
e 160 159 -0.717446
e 0 139 -0.578034
e 168 145 0.002912
e 169 155 -2.265895
e 0 170 0.138443
e 1 170 -1.158847
e 2 170 0.956329
e 3 170 0.120271
e 170 4 -0.003404
e 170 5 -0.010047
e 170 6 -0.213763
e 0 171 1.092628
e 1 171 -0.448609
e 2 171 0.997685
e 3 171 -1.739834
e 171 4 -1.541794
e 171 5 -0.134982
e 171 6 -0.395909
e 0 172 -1.044120
e 1 172 0.758135
e 2 172 1.391670
e 3 172 1.434190
e 172 4 1.006210
e 172 5 0.028399
e 172 6 0.107453
e 0 173 -5.667083
e 1 173 -4.218501
e 2 173 -3.829174
e 3 173 -1.158362
e 173 4 -0.063760
e 173 5 -0.059599
e 173 6 0.192577
e 0 174 -0.423134
e 1 174 -0.735202
e 2 174 -0.983335
e 3 174 0.066833
e 174 4 0.532174
e 174 5 -0.981955
e 174 6 -1.258719
e 0 175 0.251396
e 1 178 0.658514
e 2 175 -1.525961
e 3 175 1.370717
e 175 4 -0.295210
e 175 5 -0.069690
e 175 6 0.045985
e 0 176 0.535433
e 1 176 -0.432066
e 2 176 0.999090
e 3 179 2.113369
e 176 4 -0.070480
e 176 5 0.087875
e 176 6 0.640328
e 0 177 1.031795
e 1 177 0.021377
e 2 177 0.318010
e 3 177 -1.478700
e 177 4 -0.031687
e 177 181 -0.042222
e 177 6 -0.508617
e 178 175 -1.048068
e 0 178 0.190742
e 179 176 -0.422181
e 180 5 0.275269
e 181 180 -2.001919
e 0 182 -4.510578
e 1 182 -3.580387
e 2 182 -1.539713
e 3 182 -0.728942
e 182 4 0.069134
e 182 5 0.004795
e 182 6 0.028433
e 0 183 -0.967581
e 1 183 1.479249
e 2 183 -0.675954
e 3 183 -0.798232
e 183 4 0.886926
e 183 5 0.097861
e 183 6 0.276026
e 0 184 0.348827
e 1 184 -1.207072
e 2 184 2.007176
e 3 184 0.016080
e 184 187 0.587752
e 184 186 -0.089551
e 184 6 -0.008221
e 0 185 -1.056138
e 1 185 3.443943
e 2 185 1.455488
e 3 185 1.916640
e 185 4 -0.156623
e 185 5 -0.002529
e 185 6 0.110919
e 186 5 0.163039
e 187 4 -1.127477
e 0 188 2.536995
e 1 193 1.013169
e 2 188 0.012843
e 3 188 0.520131
e 188 4 0.453129
e 188 5 -0.071376
e 188 6 -0.174870
e 0 189 0.189090
e 1 189 -0.157000
e 2 189 -0.818341
e 3 189 -1.394486
e 189 192 0.123109
e 189 5 -0.277375
e 189 6 -0.539411
e 0 190 0.221651
e 1 190 -1.078028
e 2 190 -1.332086
e 3 190 2.020219
e 190 4 2.098478
e 190 5 0.197000
e 190 6 0.051058
e 0 191 -0.432835
e 1 191 -0.197630
e 2 191 1.006105
e 3 191 0.577281
e 191 4 0.101813
e 191 5 0.001730
e 191 6 -0.049354
e 192 4 1.542182
e 193 188 -1.719621
e 0 194 5.675002
e 1 194 4.640609
e 2 194 4.695470
e 3 194 1.353028
e 194 4 -0.070873
e 194 5 0.002400
e 194 6 -0.012614
e 0 195 -39.137841
e 1 203 -33.575601
e 2 195 -44.125767
e 3 195 -12.543836
e 195 4 -0.363640
e 195 5 -0.242959
e 195 6 -0.056440
e 0 196 -66.633943
e 1 196 -49.474221
e 2 196 -47.344936
e 3 196 -20.185983
e 196 4 0.151264
e 196 5 -0.596937
e 196 6 -1.277570
e 0 197 -37.073600
e 1 197 -29.121761
e 2 197 -27.639728
e 3 197 -13.121247
e 197 4 0.324260
e 197 5 -1.121821
e 197 6 -0.201942
e 0 198 -0.286645
e 1 198 0.192156
e 2 198 1.532921
e 3 198 -1.473241
e 198 4 0.173619
e 198 5 0.006305
e 198 6 0.077877
e 0 199 0.267310
e 1 199 -0.569154
e 2 199 -0.406302
e 3 199 0.468166
e 199 4 -0.100615
e 199 5 -0.082939
e 199 6 0.062824
e 0 200 0.735780
e 1 204 1.785447
e 2 200 -0.404097
e 3 202 1.000020
e 200 4 0.732527
e 200 5 0.151526
e 200 6 -0.149575
e 0 201 -2.124385
e 1 201 -1.860992
e 2 201 0.622781
e 3 201 -1.441973
e 201 4 -0.154148
e 201 5 0.014688
e 201 6 0.098851
e 202 200 -0.981745
e 203 195 -12.312149
e 204 200 -0.552573
e 199 184 1.758392
e 154 164 0.624537
e 205 128 0.430931
e 175 130 0.943804
e 160 203 1.027496
e 206 143 -0.169746
e 164 161 -0.784413
e 167 132 -1.014091
e 154 198 -0.512033
