n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden identity
n 8 hidden sigmoid
n 9 hidden relu
n 10 hidden gaussian
n 11 hidden sigmoid
n 12 hidden gaussian
n 13 hidden tanh
n 14 hidden sigmoid
n 15 hidden sigmoid
n 16 hidden gaussian
n 17 hidden gaussian
n 18 hidden identity
n 19 hidden sine
n 20 hidden relu
n 21 hidden identity
n 22 hidden tanh
n 23 hidden sine
n 24 hidden sigmoid
n 25 hidden relu
n 26 hidden sine
n 27 hidden gaussian
n 28 hidden identity
n 29 hidden relu
n 30 hidden sine
n 31 hidden gaussian
n 32 hidden identity
n 33 hidden identity
n 34 hidden gaussian
n 35 hidden relu
n 36 hidden sigmoid
n 37 hidden sine
n 38 hidden tanh
n 39 hidden sigmoid
n 40 hidden sigmoid
n 41 hidden gaussian
n 42 hidden tanh
n 43 hidden tanh
n 44 hidden relu
n 45 hidden tanh
n 46 hidden gaussian
n 47 hidden sine
n 48 hidden sigmoid
n 49 hidden identity
n 50 hidden relu
n 51 hidden tanh
n 52 hidden tanh
n 53 hidden identity
n 54 hidden sigmoid
n 55 hidden relu
n 56 hidden sigmoid
n 57 hidden gaussian
n 58 hidden relu
n 59 hidden sine
n 60 hidden gaussian
n 61 hidden identity
n 62 hidden relu
n 63 hidden sine
n 64 hidden gaussian
n 65 hidden identity
n 66 hidden identity
n 67 hidden sigmoid
n 68 hidden sine
n 69 hidden sigmoid
n 70 hidden tanh
n 71 hidden identity
n 72 hidden sigmoid
n 73 hidden relu
n 74 hidden gaussian
n 75 hidden sigmoid
n 76 hidden gaussian
n 77 hidden tanh
n 78 hidden sigmoid
n 79 hidden sigmoid
n 80 hidden gaussian
n 81 hidden gaussian
n 82 hidden identity
n 83 hidden sine
n 84 hidden relu
n 85 hidden identity
n 86 hidden tanh
n 87 hidden sine
n 88 hidden sigmoid
n 89 hidden relu
n 90 hidden sine
n 91 hidden gaussian
n 92 hidden identity
n 93 hidden relu
n 94 hidden sine
n 95 hidden gaussian
n 96 hidden identity
n 97 hidden identity
n 98 hidden gaussian
n 99 hidden relu
n 100 hidden sigmoid
n 101 hidden sine
n 102 hidden tanh
n 103 hidden sigmoid
n 104 hidden sigmoid
n 105 hidden gaussian
n 106 hidden tanh
n 107 hidden tanh
n 108 hidden relu
n 109 hidden tanh
n 110 hidden gaussian
n 111 hidden sine
n 112 hidden sigmoid
n 113 hidden identity
n 114 hidden relu
n 115 hidden tanh
n 116 hidden tanh
n 117 hidden identity
n 118 hidden sigmoid
n 119 hidden relu
n 120 hidden sigmoid
n 121 hidden gaussian
n 122 hidden relu
n 123 hidden sine
n 124 hidden gaussian
n 125 hidden identity
n 126 hidden relu
n 127 hidden sine
n 128 hidden gaussian
n 129 hidden identity
n 130 hidden identity
n 131 hidden sigmoid
n 132 hidden sine
n 133 hidden sigmoid
n 134 hidden tanh
n 135 hidden sigmoid
n 136 hidden identity
n 137 hidden sine
n 138 hidden relu
n 139 hidden tanh
n 140 hidden sigmoid
n 141 hidden sigmoid
n 142 hidden gaussian
n 143 hidden tanh
n 144 hidden tanh
n 145 hidden sigmoid
n 146 hidden identity
n 147 hidden sigmoid
n 148 hidden relu
n 149 hidden sine
n 150 hidden gaussian
n 151 hidden sigmoid
n 152 hidden gaussian
n 153 hidden gaussian
n 154 hidden sigmoid
n 155 hidden identity
n 156 hidden identity
n 157 hidden sigmoid
n 158 hidden identity
n 159 hidden sigmoid
n 160 hidden identity
n 161 hidden gaussian
n 162 hidden sigmoid
n 163 hidden relu
n 164 hidden relu
n 165 hidden sine
n 166 hidden sine
n 167 hidden relu
n 168 hidden identity
n 169 hidden relu
n 170 hidden relu
n 171 hidden sine
n 172 hidden sine
n 173 hidden relu
n 174 hidden gaussian
n 175 hidden relu
n 176 hidden identity
n 177 hidden gaussian
n 178 hidden gaussian
n 179 hidden gaussian
n 180 hidden tanh
n 181 hidden relu
n 182 hidden sigmoid
n 183 hidden identity
n 184 hidden tanh
n 185 hidden gaussian
n 186 hidden tanh
n 187 hidden gaussian
n 188 hidden gaussian
n 189 hidden sine
n 190 hidden sigmoid
n 191 hidden sigmoid
n 192 hidden sine
n 193 hidden gaussian
n 194 hidden sigmoid
n 195 hidden relu
n 196 hidden sigmoid
n 197 hidden sigmoid
n 198 hidden relu
n 199 hidden sine
n 200 hidden gaussian
n 201 hidden sigmoid
n 202 hidden gaussian
n 203 hidden gaussian
n 204 hidden sigmoid
n 205 hidden identity
n 206 hidden identity
n 207 hidden sigmoid
n 208 hidden identity
n 209 hidden sine
n 210 hidden gaussian
n 211 hidden relu
n 212 hidden gaussian
n 213 hidden relu
n 214 hidden identity
n 215 hidden gaussian
n 216 hidden relu
n 217 hidden identity
n 218 hidden sigmoid
n 219 hidden relu
n 220 hidden tanh
n 221 hidden gaussian
n 222 hidden sigmoid
n 223 hidden tanh
n 224 hidden tanh
n 225 hidden tanh
e 0 7 0.090246
e 1 7 -0.457599
e 2 7 0.174051
e 3 7 0.058650
e 7 4 -0.024959
e 7 5 -0.029750
e 7 6 -0.086475
e 0 8 -0.420306
e 1 8 -0.197864
e 2 8 1.502442
e 3 8 0.259634
e 8 4 -0.128237
e 8 5 -0.024910
e 8 6 0.338521
e 0 9 -0.527228
e 1 9 -4.433616
e 2 9 -2.857532
e 3 9 -0.811010
e 9 4 0.312694
e 9 24 0.051017
e 9 6 0.151402
e 0 10 -0.222704
e 1 10 0.492344
e 2 10 1.974985
e 3 10 0.800489
e 10 4 -0.491753
e 10 5 -0.576722
e 10 22 -0.504549
e 0 11 1.092195
e 1 21 -0.357353
e 2 11 0.286758
e 3 11 0.177098
e 11 4 -0.183053
e 11 5 0.145343
e 11 6 -0.053293
e 0 12 -0.466561
e 1 12 0.183857
e 2 12 1.982953
e 3 12 1.326069
e 12 4 -0.209087
e 12 5 -0.105703
e 12 6 -0.050234
e 0 13 0.102953
e 1 13 1.343121
e 2 13 -1.065153
e 3 13 1.221611
e 13 4 -0.027393
e 13 23 0.219285
e 13 6 -0.104095
e 0 14 0.057221
e 1 15 -2.478138
e 2 14 0.125359
e 3 14 -0.117998
e 14 4 -0.184674
e 14 5 -0.036214
e 14 6 -0.278364
e 15 56 1.319694
e 0 16 0.660147
e 1 16 1.477611
e 2 16 1.051333
e 3 16 -0.511808
e 16 4 2.055875
e 16 5 1.279359
e 16 6 1.491644
e 0 17 2.034130
e 1 17 -0.245528
e 2 17 0.343943
e 3 17 1.735581
e 17 4 1.587890
e 17 20 0.310182
e 17 6 1.088819
e 0 18 0.261431
e 1 18 0.679255
e 2 18 0.283801
e 3 18 -1.709003
e 18 4 0.035590
e 18 5 0.033644
e 18 6 0.291654
e 0 19 -0.452747
e 1 19 -0.630024
e 2 19 1.674755
e 3 19 -0.371256
e 19 4 -0.057965
e 19 5 -0.082859
e 19 6 -0.153372
e 20 5 1.309544
e 21 11 -0.636290
e 14 16 -0.544693
e 22 6 -0.420663
e 6 4 -0.123574
e 23 5 -0.278647
e 24 5 -0.747822
e 0 25 -7.984501
e 1 25 -6.150622
e 2 25 -6.786728
e 3 25 -4.289549
e 25 4 -0.086986
e 25 5 0.099128
e 25 6 -0.113236
e 0 26 -0.271133
e 1 26 -0.317251
e 2 26 0.840274
e 3 26 -0.092440
e 26 4 -0.025331
e 26 5 -0.004959
e 26 6 -0.090867
e 0 27 -0.554297
e 1 27 0.532345
e 2 27 1.457429
e 3 27 0.578997
e 27 4 0.211448
e 27 5 -0.113515
e 27 6 0.069926
e 0 28 -0.109096
e 1 28 -0.269521
e 2 28 -0.108725
e 3 28 0.685293
e 28 4 -0.015053
e 28 5 -0.014015
e 28 6 -0.189726
e 0 29 -7.984501
e 1 29 -6.150622
e 2 29 -6.786728
e 3 29 -4.289549
e 29 4 -0.086986
e 29 5 0.099128
e 29 6 -0.113236
e 0 30 -0.257247
e 1 30 0.209039
e 2 30 0.412984
e 3 30 -0.144005
e 30 4 0.022736
e 30 5 -0.012278
e 30 33 0.036422
e 0 31 -0.553814
e 1 31 0.532280
e 2 31 1.457901
e 3 31 0.579123
e 31 4 0.212365
e 31 5 -0.113029
e 31 57 0.062060
e 0 32 -0.109096
e 1 32 -0.269521
e 2 32 -0.108725
e 3 32 0.685293
e 32 4 -0.015053
e 32 5 -0.014015
e 32 6 -0.189726
e 33 6 -0.892220
e 0 34 1.019999
e 1 44 0.422336
e 2 34 0.948895
e 3 70 -0.746843
e 34 4 -0.909937
e 34 5 -0.554835
e 34 6 -0.910667
e 0 35 -32.115409
e 1 35 -59.367129
e 2 164 -16.413275
e 3 35 -3.661514
e 35 4 0.049222
e 35 5 -0.751973
e 35 6 -0.603329
e 0 36 0.482349
e 1 36 1.502184
e 2 36 -0.169390
e 3 36 1.717785
e 36 4 0.523906
e 36 5 0.440439
e 36 45 0.262368
e 0 38 2.459636
e 1 37 2.282692
e 2 37 0.090266
e 3 37 -1.089579
e 37 4 -0.007786
e 37 5 -0.041967
e 37 50 -0.208652
e 38 37 -1.227159
e 0 39 -1.097456
e 1 39 0.034051
e 2 39 3.289013
e 3 43 -0.463095
e 39 4 -0.021535
e 39 5 0.025267
e 39 6 0.046113
e 0 40 -3.137617
e 1 40 -4.916824
e 2 40 -0.071719
e 3 40 1.137785
e 40 4 0.035671
e 40 5 0.007234
e 40 6 -0.025035
e 0 41 0.875872
e 1 41 1.275973
e 2 41 0.059360
e 3 41 -0.214881
e 41 4 -0.350635
e 41 5 -0.189628
e 41 6 0.303684
e 0 69 0.005103
e 1 42 -0.289864
e 2 42 -2.022217
e 3 42 -1.644914
e 42 4 -0.842877
e 42 5 -0.736453
e 42 6 -0.464967
e 43 39 0.711771
e 44 34 -0.021006
e 3 4 -1.613357
e 45 6 0.479580
e 43 42 0.434754
e 0 46 0.084141
e 1 46 -0.071838
e 2 46 -0.352507
e 3 46 -1.507728
e 46 4 0.341758
e 46 5 0.464277
e 46 6 -0.023368
e 0 47 -0.188066
e 1 47 -0.662728
e 2 47 0.156320
e 3 47 0.957601
e 47 4 -0.064434
e 47 5 -0.022289
e 47 6 0.123632
e 0 48 -2.491348
e 1 48 -0.562459
e 2 48 -7.381588
e 3 48 -1.475304
e 48 4 -0.318895
e 48 5 0.551518
e 48 6 0.905572
e 0 49 -0.172169
e 1 49 -0.908871
e 2 49 -0.118585
e 3 49 1.535574
e 49 4 -0.042144
e 49 5 -0.050917
e 49 6 -0.168459
e 50 6 -0.004279
e 0 51 0.469244
e 1 51 -1.122229
e 2 51 1.032321
e 3 51 1.030696
e 51 4 -0.433188
e 51 5 -0.432304
e 51 6 -0.837243
e 0 52 1.887786
e 1 52 -0.203807
e 2 52 0.262597
e 3 52 -0.044727
e 52 4 -0.052248
e 52 5 0.019703
e 52 6 -0.447437
e 0 53 0.113200
e 1 53 -0.245380
e 2 53 0.089315
e 3 53 0.794766
e 53 4 -0.012138
e 53 55 -0.719520
e 53 6 -0.194375
e 0 54 0.982389
e 1 54 1.181562
e 2 54 0.659522
e 3 54 0.227620
e 54 4 0.508807
e 54 5 0.439080
e 54 6 0.930794
e 55 5 0.038609
e 56 14 0.502278
e 57 6 0.963998
e 0 58 -8.474864
e 1 58 -6.509787
e 2 58 -7.319175
e 3 58 -4.351110
e 58 4 -0.176648
e 58 5 -0.090326
e 58 6 -0.005693
e 0 59 -1.480511
e 1 59 -1.006712
e 2 59 0.685505
e 3 59 -0.429496
e 59 4 -0.096953
e 59 5 -0.102652
e 59 67 -0.048034
e 0 60 -0.381405
e 1 60 0.240844
e 2 60 1.685425
e 3 60 0.570870
e 60 4 -0.044409
e 60 5 0.235175
e 60 6 0.129604
e 0 61 -0.050114
e 1 61 -0.310894
e 2 61 -0.258075
e 3 61 0.787941
e 61 4 -0.007936
e 61 5 -0.019251
e 61 6 -0.144785
e 0 62 -8.474864
e 1 62 -6.509787
e 2 62 -7.319175
e 3 62 -4.351110
e 62 4 -0.176648
e 62 5 -0.090326
e 62 6 -0.005693
e 0 63 -0.123081
e 1 63 -0.122646
e 2 63 0.309779
e 3 63 0.017597
e 63 4 -0.034768
e 63 5 0.004896
e 63 66 0.140703
e 0 64 -0.247639
e 1 64 0.128632
e 2 64 1.853462
e 3 68 0.566876
e 64 4 0.381906
e 64 5 0.456769
e 64 6 0.385860
e 0 65 -0.050157
e 1 65 -0.310826
e 2 65 -0.258082
e 3 65 0.787975
e 65 4 -0.007935
e 65 5 -0.019244
e 65 6 -0.144720
e 66 6 -0.830549
e 67 6 -0.739075
e 68 64 -0.760194
e 69 42 0.285224
e 15 54 -1.590763
e 8 29 -0.151225
e 70 34 0.259525
e 0 71 0.090246
e 1 71 -0.457599
e 2 71 0.174051
e 3 71 0.058650
e 71 4 -0.024959
e 71 5 -0.029750
e 71 6 -0.086475
e 0 72 -0.420714
e 1 72 -0.198423
e 2 72 1.502686
e 3 72 0.259685
e 72 4 -0.135439
e 72 5 -0.040630
e 72 6 0.338667
e 0 73 -0.527228
e 1 73 -4.433616
e 2 73 -2.857532
e 3 73 -0.811010
e 73 4 0.312694
e 73 88 0.051017
e 73 6 0.151402
e 0 74 -0.222704
e 1 74 0.492344
e 2 74 1.974985
e 3 74 0.800489
e 74 4 -0.491753
e 74 5 -0.576722
e 74 86 -0.504549
e 0 75 1.092195
e 1 85 -0.357353
e 2 75 0.286758
e 3 75 0.177098
e 75 4 -0.183053
e 75 5 0.145343
e 75 6 -0.053293
e 0 76 -0.466561
e 1 76 0.183857
e 2 76 1.982953
e 3 76 1.326069
e 76 4 -0.209087
e 76 5 -0.105703
e 76 6 -0.050234
e 0 77 0.102924
e 1 77 1.343116
e 2 77 -1.065106
e 3 77 1.221634
e 77 4 -0.027377
e 77 87 0.217000
e 77 6 -0.104095
e 0 78 0.056095
e 1 79 -2.478148
e 2 78 0.121859
e 3 78 -0.119529
e 78 4 -0.184964
e 78 5 -0.035170
e 78 6 -0.278318
e 79 120 1.319693
e 0 80 1.003451
e 1 80 1.624113
e 2 135 0.992962
e 3 80 -0.062430
e 80 4 1.608105
e 80 5 0.890180
e 80 6 1.491780
e 0 81 2.034130
e 1 81 -0.245528
e 2 81 0.343943
e 3 81 1.735581
e 81 4 1.587890
e 81 84 0.310182
e 81 6 1.088819
e 0 82 0.261431
e 1 82 0.679255
e 2 82 0.283801
e 3 82 -1.709003
e 82 4 0.035590
e 82 5 0.033644
e 82 6 0.291654
e 0 83 -0.452747
e 1 83 -0.630024
e 2 83 1.674755
e 3 83 -0.371256
e 83 4 -0.057965
e 83 5 -0.082859
e 83 6 -0.153372
e 84 5 1.309544
e 85 75 -0.636290
e 78 80 -0.118205
e 86 6 -0.420663
e 70 4 0.003818
e 87 5 -0.278556
e 88 5 -0.747822
e 0 89 -7.984501
e 1 89 -6.150622
e 2 89 -6.786728
e 3 89 -4.289549
e 89 4 -0.086986
e 89 5 0.099128
e 89 6 -0.113236
e 0 90 -0.271133
e 1 90 -0.317251
e 2 90 0.840274
e 3 90 -0.092440
e 90 4 -0.025331
e 90 5 -0.004959
e 90 6 -0.090867
e 0 91 -0.554297
e 1 91 0.532345
e 2 91 1.457429
e 3 91 0.578997
e 91 4 0.211448
e 91 5 -0.113515
e 91 6 0.069926
e 0 92 -0.109096
e 1 92 -0.269521
e 2 92 -0.108725
e 3 92 0.685293
e 92 4 -0.015053
e 92 5 -0.014015
e 92 6 -0.189726
e 0 93 -8.102872
e 1 93 -6.223556
e 2 93 -6.828199
e 3 93 -4.312553
e 93 4 -0.086986
e 93 5 0.099128
e 93 6 -0.113236
e 0 94 -0.273170
e 1 94 0.198669
e 2 94 0.402326
e 3 94 -0.152279
e 94 4 0.018876
e 94 5 -0.011087
e 94 97 0.036545
e 0 95 -0.553814
e 1 95 0.532280
e 2 95 1.457901
e 3 95 0.579123
e 95 4 0.212365
e 95 5 -0.113029
e 95 121 0.062060
e 0 96 -0.109096
e 1 96 -0.269521
e 2 96 -0.108725
e 3 96 0.685293
e 96 4 -0.015053
e 96 5 -0.014015
e 96 6 -0.189726
e 97 6 -0.892224
e 0 98 1.020016
e 1 108 0.422335
e 2 98 0.948900
e 3 134 -0.763480
e 98 4 -0.909930
e 98 5 -0.554806
e 98 6 -0.910667
e 0 99 -32.115409
e 1 99 -59.367129
e 2 99 -16.517643
e 3 99 -3.661514
e 99 4 0.049222
e 99 5 -0.751973
e 99 6 -0.603329
e 0 100 0.482349
e 1 100 1.502184
e 2 100 -0.169390
e 3 100 1.717785
e 100 4 0.523906
e 100 5 0.440439
e 100 109 0.262368
e 0 102 2.459636
e 1 101 2.282692
e 2 101 0.090266
e 3 101 -1.089579
e 101 4 -0.007786
e 101 5 -0.041967
e 101 114 -0.208652
e 102 101 -1.227159
e 0 103 -1.098903
e 1 103 0.034623
e 2 103 3.288471
e 3 107 -0.463100
e 103 4 -0.041410
e 103 5 -0.010756
e 103 6 0.046930
e 0 104 -3.137617
e 1 104 -4.916824
e 2 104 -0.071719
e 3 104 1.137785
e 104 4 0.035671
e 104 5 0.007234
e 104 6 -0.025035
e 0 105 0.875872
e 1 105 1.275973
e 2 105 0.059360
e 3 105 -0.214881
e 105 4 -0.350635
e 105 5 -0.189628
e 105 6 0.303684
e 0 133 0.005103
e 1 106 -0.289864
e 2 106 -2.022217
e 3 106 -1.644914
e 106 4 -0.842877
e 106 5 -0.736453
e 106 6 -0.464967
e 107 103 0.711856
e 108 98 -0.020992
e 3 4 -1.613357
e 109 6 0.479580
e 107 106 0.434754
e 0 110 0.084141
e 1 110 -0.071838
e 2 110 -0.352507
e 3 110 -1.507728
e 110 4 0.341758
e 110 5 0.464277
e 110 6 -0.023368
e 0 111 -0.188066
e 1 111 -0.662728
e 2 111 0.156320
e 3 111 0.957601
e 111 4 -0.064434
e 111 5 -0.022289
e 111 6 0.123632
e 0 112 -2.490937
e 1 112 -0.561960
e 2 112 -7.381745
e 3 112 -1.475137
e 112 4 -0.318895
e 112 5 0.551518
e 112 6 0.905572
e 0 113 -0.172169
e 1 113 -0.908871
e 2 113 -0.118585
e 3 113 1.535574
e 113 4 -0.042144
e 113 5 -0.050917
e 113 6 -0.168459
e 114 6 -0.004279
e 0 115 0.469244
e 1 115 -1.122229
e 2 115 1.032321
e 3 115 1.030696
e 115 4 -0.433188
e 115 5 -0.432304
e 115 6 -0.837243
e 0 116 1.887786
e 1 116 -0.203807
e 2 116 0.262597
e 3 116 -0.044727
e 116 4 -0.052248
e 116 5 0.019703
e 116 6 -0.447437
e 0 117 0.113200
e 1 117 -0.245380
e 2 117 0.089315
e 3 117 0.794766
e 117 4 -0.012138
e 117 119 -0.719520
e 117 6 -0.194375
e 0 118 0.982389
e 1 118 1.181562
e 2 118 0.659522
e 3 118 0.227620
e 118 4 0.508807
e 118 5 0.439080
e 118 6 0.930794
e 119 5 0.038609
e 120 78 0.501468
e 121 6 0.963998
e 0 122 -8.474864
e 1 122 -6.509787
e 2 122 -7.319175
e 3 122 -4.351110
e 122 4 -0.176648
e 122 5 -0.090326
e 122 6 -0.005693
e 0 123 -1.480511
e 1 123 -1.006712
e 2 123 0.685505
e 3 123 -0.429496
e 123 4 -0.096953
e 123 5 -0.102652
e 123 131 -0.048034
e 0 124 -0.381405
e 1 124 0.240844
e 2 124 1.685425
e 3 124 0.570870
e 124 4 -0.044409
e 124 5 0.235175
e 124 6 0.129604
e 0 125 -0.050114
e 1 125 -0.310894
e 2 125 -0.258075
e 3 125 0.787941
e 125 4 -0.007936
e 125 5 -0.019251
e 125 6 -0.144785
e 0 126 -8.474864
e 1 126 -6.509787
e 2 126 -7.319175
e 3 126 -4.351110
e 126 4 -0.176648
e 126 5 -0.090326
e 126 6 -0.005693
e 0 127 -0.123081
e 1 127 -0.122646
e 2 127 0.309779
e 3 127 0.017597
e 127 4 -0.034768
e 127 5 0.004896
e 127 130 0.140703
e 0 128 -0.211276
e 1 128 0.106797
e 2 128 1.878838
e 3 132 0.559208
e 128 4 0.374219
e 128 5 0.478293
e 128 6 0.385131
e 0 129 -0.050157
e 1 129 -0.310826
e 2 129 -0.258082
e 3 129 0.787975
e 129 4 -0.007935
e 129 5 -0.019244
e 129 6 -0.144720
e 130 6 -0.830549
e 131 6 -0.739075
e 132 128 -0.753933
e 133 106 0.285224
e 79 118 -1.590763
e 72 93 -0.152961
e 134 98 0.259501
e 135 80 -0.308998
e 93 128 -0.508702
e 0 136 -0.162246
e 1 136 0.248488
e 2 136 0.115026
e 3 136 -1.225884
e 136 4 -0.001831
e 136 5 0.000211
e 136 6 0.369304
e 0 137 0.456885
e 1 137 -1.114626
e 2 137 -0.073726
e 3 137 0.191309
e 137 4 -0.038487
e 137 5 0.089851
e 137 6 0.017224
e 0 138 -1.896962
e 1 138 -0.902753
e 2 138 -1.193491
e 3 138 -1.449359
e 138 4 0.012637
e 138 5 0.004277
e 138 6 -0.187875
e 0 139 0.872093
e 1 139 0.048097
e 2 139 -0.607594
e 3 139 2.025243
e 139 4 -0.264024
e 139 5 0.127652
e 139 6 -0.312393
e 0 140 -1.038692
e 1 140 0.252823
e 2 140 3.026664
e 3 144 -0.460007
e 140 4 0.376956
e 140 162 0.007217
e 140 6 -0.077121
e 0 141 -2.046080
e 1 141 -3.770330
e 2 141 -0.142492
e 3 141 1.365240
e 141 145 -1.251037
e 141 5 -0.005479
e 141 146 0.086651
e 0 142 1.035005
e 1 142 0.820794
e 2 142 0.156463
e 3 142 -0.217445
e 142 4 -0.418340
e 142 5 -0.140169
e 142 6 0.017423
e 0 143 0.858847
e 1 143 -0.116180
e 2 143 -1.666099
e 3 143 -1.694179
e 143 4 -0.197363
e 143 5 -0.055333
e 143 6 -0.342584
e 144 140 0.612589
e 145 4 -0.146133
e 146 6 1.281648
e 0 147 1.198712
e 1 160 -2.132419
e 2 147 0.297923
e 3 147 -0.288243
e 147 158 0.028647
e 147 5 0.088382
e 147 151 -0.678815
e 0 148 -2.117357
e 1 148 -1.354205
e 2 148 -3.686517
e 3 148 -1.887297
e 148 4 0.007269
e 148 5 0.024300
e 148 6 0.053397
e 0 149 1.415376
e 1 149 -0.708732
e 2 149 0.409798
e 3 149 -1.677337
e 149 4 0.071778
e 149 5 0.032307
e 149 6 0.100528
e 0 150 -0.083318
e 1 159 -1.289515
e 2 150 0.541900
e 3 161 2.873914
e 150 4 -0.524766
e 150 5 -0.375136
e 150 6 -0.397283
e 151 6 -0.308434
e 0 152 1.949028
e 1 152 -0.546065
e 2 152 0.996389
e 3 152 0.631131
e 152 4 -0.470939
e 152 5 -0.425934
e 152 6 -0.436940
e 0 153 1.420116
e 1 153 1.552306
e 2 153 0.630582
e 3 153 -0.055311
e 153 4 -0.039451
e 153 5 1.171930
e 153 6 -0.410487
e 0 157 -0.002034
e 1 154 -0.536334
e 2 154 -1.817859
e 3 154 -2.027187
e 154 4 0.239068
e 154 5 0.041513
e 154 156 -1.153754
e 0 155 0.371732
e 1 155 0.630780
e 2 163 0.048961
e 3 155 -1.448659
e 155 4 0.034699
e 155 5 0.022396
e 155 6 0.064349
e 156 6 0.395899
e 157 154 -0.041449
e 158 4 0.403749
e 159 150 0.102386
e 160 147 -2.457965
e 161 150 -1.183403
e 162 5 -1.058695
e 163 155 -1.367076
e 136 148 1.300105
e 164 35 -0.009775
e 138 94 0.071559
e 0 165 -1.056570
e 1 165 1.644950
e 2 165 2.184345
e 3 165 -0.260698
e 165 4 0.019492
e 165 5 0.075493
e 165 6 0.053594
e 0 166 -1.416084
e 1 169 0.754093
e 2 166 1.261712
e 3 166 -0.266627
e 166 4 0.110487
e 166 5 0.110058
e 166 6 0.035118
e 0 167 -5.504631
e 1 167 -0.285338
e 2 167 -0.363974
e 3 167 -1.585339
e 167 4 0.030032
e 167 5 0.010828
e 167 6 0.031861
e 0 168 0.323374
e 1 168 1.100085
e 2 168 -0.084505
e 3 168 -1.829091
e 168 4 0.061919
e 168 5 0.052704
e 168 6 -0.063758
e 169 166 -1.117126
e 0 170 -4.203647
e 1 170 -4.152857
e 2 170 -1.452497
e 3 170 -1.817738
e 170 4 -0.040216
e 170 5 -0.041206
e 170 6 0.092418
e 0 171 1.098565
e 1 171 1.886561
e 2 171 -0.017033
e 3 171 0.634635
e 171 4 -0.121128
e 171 5 -0.140435
e 171 6 0.036935
e 0 172 1.459184
e 1 172 -2.231941
e 2 172 1.701979
e 3 172 -0.439519
e 172 4 -0.107569
e 172 178 1.637358
e 172 6 -0.014727
e 0 173 -3.143971
e 1 173 -0.531219
e 2 173 -3.575463
e 3 173 -4.167123
e 173 4 -0.158570
e 173 5 -0.128044
e 173 6 0.010156
e 0 174 0.031691
e 1 174 -0.053768
e 2 174 0.075422
e 3 174 2.419322
e 174 4 0.011727
e 174 5 -1.403874
e 174 6 1.586581
e 0 175 -1.934729
e 1 175 -0.744508
e 2 175 -0.281552
e 3 175 -2.610170
e 175 4 0.004726
e 175 5 -0.014475
e 175 6 -0.010258
e 0 176 0.062673
e 1 176 0.345419
e 2 176 0.456887
e 3 176 -1.112555
e 176 4 0.007882
e 176 5 0.020041
e 176 6 0.162738
e 0 177 0.606954
e 1 177 0.307360
e 2 177 1.181211
e 3 177 0.108112
e 177 179 0.059636
e 177 5 -0.716941
e 177 6 1.012151
e 178 5 0.024737
e 179 4 -0.173417
e 2 6 0.007591
e 0 211 0.105149
e 1 180 1.165593
e 2 180 1.359075
e 3 180 -0.033855
e 180 4 -0.678054
e 180 5 0.084071
e 180 6 -0.191085
e 0 181 -2.452988
e 1 181 -0.733895
e 2 181 -1.890188
e 3 181 -1.425821
e 181 4 -0.024129
e 181 5 0.043251
e 181 6 -0.162839
e 0 182 -4.116258
e 1 182 1.561765
e 2 182 -2.961555
e 3 182 -1.461376
e 182 4 -1.536413
e 182 5 0.107982
e 182 6 0.193541
e 0 183 -0.278353
e 1 183 -0.841512
e 2 183 -0.400436
e 3 183 2.054823
e 183 4 0.024035
e 183 5 0.044385
e 183 6 -0.095146
e 0 184 1.588041
e 1 184 -0.305186
e 2 184 1.244849
e 3 184 1.776305
e 184 4 0.575536
e 184 5 -0.048790
e 184 6 -0.085257
e 0 185 0.961460
e 1 185 0.275944
e 2 185 1.061031
e 3 185 -0.710163
e 185 4 -1.211355
e 185 209 -1.005829
e 185 6 -1.251110
e 0 186 0.328047
e 1 186 1.531552
e 2 186 -0.380331
e 3 186 -1.546332
e 186 4 -0.391656
e 186 5 -0.392301
e 186 188 1.001448
e 0 187 -0.353181
e 1 187 -0.228981
e 2 187 1.808467
e 3 187 1.369780
e 187 4 -0.139293
e 187 5 -0.318055
e 187 6 -0.417469
e 188 6 -0.257128
e 187 185 -0.983318
e 0 189 -5.176264
e 1 189 -2.052078
e 2 189 -2.986293
e 3 189 -0.321684
e 189 4 0.034246
e 189 5 0.062923
e 189 6 0.031231
e 0 194 0.583327
e 1 190 -1.267022
e 2 190 1.577676
e 3 190 -0.468929
e 190 4 0.157395
e 190 5 -0.010397
e 190 6 -0.189604
e 0 191 -1.160256
e 1 195 0.847799
e 2 191 0.177038
e 3 191 -0.602743
e 191 4 -0.200552
e 191 5 -0.199334
e 191 6 -0.065779
e 0 192 -0.182468
e 1 192 -1.393760
e 2 192 0.143160
e 3 192 1.936596
e 192 4 -0.097260
e 192 5 -0.230633
e 192 210 0.022014
e 193 191 1.090522
e 194 196 -1.826572
e 195 193 0.945324
e 196 190 -1.462045
e 0 197 1.360669
e 1 197 -2.039583
e 2 197 0.193121
e 3 197 -0.182306
e 197 208 0.086422
e 197 5 -0.071451
e 197 201 -0.661762
e 0 198 -3.556679
e 1 198 -1.749515
e 2 198 -4.019514
e 3 198 -2.587086
e 198 4 0.290051
e 198 5 0.088634
e 198 6 0.152654
e 0 199 1.364437
e 1 199 -0.524206
e 2 199 0.277118
e 3 199 -1.501373
e 199 4 -0.076094
e 199 5 -0.034898
e 199 6 0.102203
e 0 200 -0.747654
e 1 200 -1.699856
e 2 200 1.080741
e 3 200 2.808296
e 200 4 0.796278
e 200 5 0.668308
e 200 6 -0.127510
e 201 6 -0.072700
e 0 202 1.664387
e 1 202 -0.667896
e 2 202 1.116995
e 3 202 0.627494
e 202 4 -0.354203
e 202 5 -0.448684
e 202 6 -0.488615
e 0 203 1.425067
e 1 203 1.552334
e 2 203 0.693372
e 3 203 -0.033035
e 203 4 -0.044387
e 203 5 1.114373
e 203 6 -0.433422
e 0 207 -0.001524
e 1 204 -0.195996
e 2 204 -2.161667
e 3 204 -1.957943
e 204 4 0.239052
e 204 5 0.041492
e 204 206 -1.153760
e 0 205 -0.174545
e 1 205 0.993208
e 2 205 0.335644
e 3 205 -1.354499
e 205 4 0.020836
e 205 5 0.051436
e 205 6 0.032340
e 206 6 0.395919
e 207 204 -0.007009
e 208 4 0.537337
e 188 205 0.891982
e 209 5 0.532605
e 194 5 0.038182
e 210 6 0.670924
e 183 192 0.566952
e 211 180 0.254670
e 0 196 0.951932
e 0 212 0.128414
e 1 212 0.026309
e 2 212 0.073359
e 3 212 2.471858
e 212 4 0.042039
e 212 5 -1.407204
e 212 6 1.497249
e 0 223 0.243955
e 1 216 1.329931
e 2 213 -0.363607
e 3 213 -1.458148
e 213 4 -0.011045
e 213 218 -0.147760
e 213 220 0.088943
e 0 214 0.178362
e 1 214 0.836527
e 2 214 0.005873
e 3 214 -1.325201
e 214 4 0.046919
e 214 5 0.041791
e 214 6 0.035311
e 0 217 0.575414
e 1 222 0.240693
e 2 215 2.059685
e 3 215 0.361452
e 215 4 -0.644521
e 215 5 -0.278107
e 215 6 -0.209540
e 216 219 -1.076393
e 217 215 0.157917
e 218 5 -0.110129
e 219 213 0.348537
e 212 217 -2.032278
e 220 224 1.061191
e 212 225 -0.000858
e 221 6 -0.236505
e 222 215 -0.761285
e 223 213 0.869725
e 224 221 0.754221
e 225 218 -1.014158
e 48 109 1.021209
e 182 113 0.602036
e 23 103 -0.863796
e 193 176 0.001133
