n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden identity
n 8 hidden sigmoid
n 9 hidden relu
n 10 hidden gaussian
n 11 hidden sigmoid
n 12 hidden gaussian
n 13 hidden tanh
n 14 hidden sigmoid
n 15 hidden sigmoid
n 16 hidden gaussian
n 17 hidden gaussian
n 18 hidden identity
n 19 hidden sine
n 20 hidden relu
n 21 hidden identity
n 22 hidden tanh
n 23 hidden sine
n 24 hidden sigmoid
n 25 hidden relu
n 26 hidden sine
n 27 hidden gaussian
n 28 hidden identity
n 29 hidden relu
n 30 hidden sine
n 31 hidden gaussian
n 32 hidden identity
n 33 hidden identity
n 34 hidden gaussian
n 35 hidden relu
n 36 hidden sigmoid
n 37 hidden sine
n 38 hidden tanh
n 39 hidden sigmoid
n 40 hidden sigmoid
n 41 hidden gaussian
n 42 hidden tanh
n 43 hidden tanh
n 44 hidden relu
n 45 hidden tanh
n 46 hidden gaussian
n 47 hidden sine
n 48 hidden sigmoid
n 49 hidden identity
n 50 hidden relu
n 51 hidden tanh
n 52 hidden tanh
n 53 hidden identity
n 54 hidden sigmoid
n 55 hidden relu
n 56 hidden sigmoid
n 57 hidden gaussian
n 58 hidden relu
n 59 hidden sine
n 60 hidden gaussian
n 61 hidden identity
n 62 hidden relu
n 63 hidden sine
n 64 hidden gaussian
n 65 hidden identity
n 66 hidden identity
n 67 hidden sigmoid
n 68 hidden sine
n 69 hidden sigmoid
n 70 hidden tanh
n 71 hidden identity
n 72 hidden sigmoid
n 73 hidden relu
n 74 hidden gaussian
n 75 hidden sigmoid
n 76 hidden gaussian
n 77 hidden tanh
n 78 hidden sigmoid
n 79 hidden sigmoid
n 80 hidden gaussian
n 81 hidden gaussian
n 82 hidden identity
n 83 hidden sine
n 84 hidden relu
n 85 hidden identity
n 86 hidden tanh
n 87 hidden sine
n 88 hidden sigmoid
n 89 hidden relu
n 90 hidden sine
n 91 hidden gaussian
n 92 hidden identity
n 93 hidden relu
n 94 hidden sine
n 95 hidden gaussian
n 96 hidden identity
n 97 hidden identity
n 98 hidden gaussian
n 99 hidden relu
n 100 hidden sigmoid
n 101 hidden sine
n 102 hidden tanh
n 103 hidden sigmoid
n 104 hidden sigmoid
n 105 hidden gaussian
n 106 hidden tanh
n 107 hidden tanh
n 108 hidden relu
n 109 hidden tanh
n 110 hidden gaussian
n 111 hidden sine
n 112 hidden sigmoid
n 113 hidden identity
n 114 hidden relu
n 115 hidden tanh
n 116 hidden tanh
n 117 hidden identity
n 118 hidden sigmoid
n 119 hidden relu
n 120 hidden sigmoid
n 121 hidden gaussian
n 122 hidden relu
n 123 hidden sine
n 124 hidden gaussian
n 125 hidden identity
n 126 hidden relu
n 127 hidden sine
n 128 hidden gaussian
n 129 hidden identity
n 130 hidden identity
n 131 hidden sigmoid
n 132 hidden sine
n 133 hidden sigmoid
n 134 hidden tanh
n 135 hidden sigmoid
n 136 hidden identity
n 137 hidden sine
n 138 hidden relu
n 139 hidden tanh
n 140 hidden sigmoid
n 141 hidden sigmoid
n 142 hidden gaussian
n 143 hidden tanh
n 144 hidden tanh
n 145 hidden sigmoid
n 146 hidden identity
n 147 hidden sigmoid
n 148 hidden relu
n 149 hidden sine
n 150 hidden gaussian
n 151 hidden sigmoid
n 152 hidden gaussian
n 153 hidden gaussian
n 154 hidden sigmoid
n 155 hidden identity
n 156 hidden identity
n 157 hidden sigmoid
n 158 hidden identity
n 159 hidden sigmoid
n 160 hidden identity
n 161 hidden gaussian
n 162 hidden sigmoid
n 163 hidden relu
n 164 hidden relu
n 165 hidden sine
n 166 hidden sine
n 167 hidden relu
n 168 hidden identity
n 169 hidden relu
n 170 hidden relu
n 171 hidden sine
n 172 hidden sine
n 173 hidden relu
n 174 hidden gaussian
n 175 hidden relu
n 176 hidden identity
n 177 hidden gaussian
n 178 hidden gaussian
n 179 hidden gaussian
n 180 hidden tanh
n 181 hidden relu
n 182 hidden sigmoid
n 183 hidden identity
n 184 hidden tanh
n 185 hidden gaussian
n 186 hidden tanh
n 187 hidden gaussian
n 188 hidden gaussian
n 189 hidden sine
n 190 hidden sigmoid
n 191 hidden sigmoid
n 192 hidden sine
n 193 hidden gaussian
n 194 hidden sigmoid
n 195 hidden relu
n 196 hidden sigmoid
n 197 hidden sigmoid
n 198 hidden relu
n 199 hidden sine
n 200 hidden gaussian
n 201 hidden sigmoid
n 202 hidden gaussian
n 203 hidden gaussian
n 204 hidden sigmoid
n 205 hidden identity
n 206 hidden identity
n 207 hidden sigmoid
n 208 hidden identity
n 209 hidden sine
n 210 hidden gaussian
n 211 hidden relu
n 212 hidden gaussian
n 213 hidden relu
n 214 hidden identity
n 215 hidden gaussian
n 216 hidden relu
n 217 hidden identity
n 218 hidden sigmoid
n 219 hidden relu
n 220 hidden tanh
n 221 hidden gaussian
n 222 hidden sigmoid
n 223 hidden tanh
n 224 hidden tanh
n 225 hidden tanh
e 0 7 0.088444
e 1 7 -0.458810
e 2 7 0.172325
e 3 7 0.057411
e 7 4 -0.029536
e 7 5 -0.015667
e 7 6 -0.087173
e 0 8 -0.411336
e 1 8 -0.195517
e 2 8 1.501011
e 3 8 0.262800
e 8 4 -0.148626
e 8 5 -0.088820
e 8 6 0.338726
e 0 9 -0.552361
e 1 9 -4.441174
e 2 9 -2.866249
e 3 9 -0.820261
e 9 4 0.310434
e 9 24 0.051173
e 9 6 0.151621
e 0 10 -0.229023
e 1 10 0.484508
e 2 10 1.976782
e 3 10 0.796695
e 10 4 -0.497940
e 10 5 -0.588586
e 10 22 -0.504676
e 0 11 1.092224
e 1 21 -0.357331
e 2 11 0.286803
e 3 11 0.177100
e 11 4 -0.185294
e 11 5 0.145807
e 11 6 -0.053071
e 0 12 -0.467531
e 1 12 0.181101
e 2 12 1.984342
e 3 12 1.325044
e 12 4 -0.216652
e 12 5 -0.118189
e 12 6 -0.049592
e 0 13 0.103473
e 1 13 1.346359
e 2 13 -1.054169
e 3 13 1.226764
e 13 4 -0.032159
e 13 23 0.223725
e 13 6 -0.103684
e 0 14 0.057250
e 1 15 -2.478128
e 2 14 0.125288
e 3 14 -0.117995
e 14 4 -0.186871
e 14 5 -0.033316
e 14 6 -0.278200
e 15 56 1.319694
e 0 16 0.658971
e 1 16 1.478539
e 2 16 1.052827
e 3 16 -0.511500
e 16 4 2.056081
e 16 5 1.278558
e 16 6 1.491525
e 0 17 2.034235
e 1 17 -0.245934
e 2 17 0.343233
e 3 17 1.735335
e 17 4 1.587821
e 17 20 0.312494
e 17 6 1.088824
e 0 18 0.262094
e 1 18 0.679302
e 2 18 0.282619
e 3 18 -1.709627
e 18 4 0.039386
e 18 5 0.038924
e 18 6 0.293216
e 0 19 -0.457119
e 1 19 -0.629769
e 2 19 1.663199
e 3 19 -0.374653
e 19 4 -0.056135
e 19 5 -0.086163
e 19 6 -0.153863
e 20 5 1.310094
e 21 11 -0.636277
e 14 16 -0.544335
e 22 6 -0.421227
e 6 4 -0.096001
e 23 5 -0.282525
e 24 5 -0.748013
e 0 25 -7.982501
e 1 25 -6.154454
e 2 25 -6.781293
e 3 25 -4.289505
e 25 4 -0.089246
e 25 5 0.099537
e 25 6 -0.113017
e 0 26 -0.274096
e 1 26 -0.314132
e 2 26 0.837680
e 3 26 -0.095647
e 26 4 -0.023788
e 26 5 0.015135
e 26 6 -0.091057
e 0 27 -0.554762
e 1 27 0.532983
e 2 27 1.456912
e 3 27 0.578554
e 27 4 0.207360
e 27 5 -0.128898
e 27 6 0.070095
e 0 28 -0.109416
e 1 28 -0.269667
e 2 28 -0.108206
e 3 28 0.685519
e 28 4 -0.016515
e 28 5 -0.016059
e 28 6 -0.190358
e 0 29 -7.982501
e 1 29 -6.154454
e 2 29 -6.781293
e 3 29 -4.289505
e 29 4 -0.089246
e 29 5 0.099537
e 29 6 -0.113017
e 0 30 -0.257266
e 1 30 0.207612
e 2 30 0.411918
e 3 30 -0.147341
e 30 4 0.020351
e 30 5 -0.005153
e 30 33 0.036203
e 0 31 -0.554250
e 1 31 0.532942
e 2 31 1.457368
e 3 31 0.578689
e 31 4 0.208294
e 31 5 -0.128379
e 31 57 0.062036
e 0 32 -0.109416
e 1 32 -0.269667
e 2 32 -0.108206
e 3 32 0.685519
e 32 4 -0.016515
e 32 5 -0.016059
e 32 6 -0.190358
e 33 6 -0.892213
e 0 34 1.017844
e 1 44 0.422333
e 2 34 0.949560
e 3 70 -0.746572
e 34 4 -0.911001
e 34 5 -0.555147
e 34 6 -0.910646
e 0 35 -32.147364
e 1 35 -59.354865
e 2 164 -16.390193
e 3 35 -3.662234
e 35 4 0.046963
e 35 5 -0.751563
e 35 6 -0.603109
e 0 36 0.482430
e 1 36 1.502148
e 2 36 -0.169245
e 3 36 1.717776
e 36 4 0.521643
e 36 5 0.440867
e 36 45 0.262389
e 0 38 2.459764
e 1 37 2.281996
e 2 37 0.090394
e 3 37 -1.091352
e 37 4 0.000673
e 37 5 -0.029167
e 37 50 -0.208608
e 38 37 -1.226365
e 0 39 -1.096889
e 1 39 0.036102
e 2 39 3.289135
e 3 43 -0.463073
e 39 4 -0.023985
e 39 5 0.035022
e 39 6 0.046461
e 0 40 -3.138005
e 1 40 -4.916452
e 2 40 -0.071714
e 3 40 1.137711
e 40 4 0.031210
e 40 5 0.006825
e 40 6 -0.025103
e 0 41 0.877231
e 1 41 1.276099
e 2 41 0.054637
e 3 41 -0.216088
e 41 4 -0.357010
e 41 5 -0.196511
e 41 6 0.303659
e 0 69 0.005091
e 1 42 -0.289662
e 2 42 -2.023159
e 3 42 -1.644869
e 42 4 -0.840618
e 42 5 -0.736863
e 42 6 -0.465186
e 43 39 0.711387
e 44 34 -0.020973
e 3 4 -1.615617
e 45 6 0.479710
e 43 42 0.434718
e 0 46 0.086063
e 1 46 -0.070487
e 2 46 -0.353496
e 3 46 -1.507108
e 46 4 0.340611
e 46 5 0.461733
e 46 6 -0.023323
e 0 47 -0.188768
e 1 47 -0.660830
e 2 47 0.153871
e 3 47 0.958989
e 47 4 -0.063104
e 47 5 -0.015809
e 47 6 0.122808
e 0 48 -2.485299
e 1 48 -0.565111
e 2 48 -7.376485
e 3 48 -1.475007
e 48 4 -0.318895
e 48 5 0.551518
e 48 6 0.905572
e 0 49 -0.174049
e 1 49 -0.909560
e 2 49 -0.118608
e 3 49 1.535112
e 49 4 -0.049136
e 49 5 -0.045810
e 49 6 -0.170312
e 50 6 -0.009920
e 0 51 0.468675
e 1 51 -1.123305
e 2 51 1.030895
e 3 51 1.030656
e 51 4 -0.426808
e 51 5 -0.431058
e 51 6 -0.837282
e 0 52 1.887774
e 1 52 -0.204330
e 2 52 0.262521
e 3 52 -0.044742
e 52 4 -0.057337
e 52 5 0.005583
e 52 6 -0.447033
e 0 53 0.098124
e 1 53 -0.251851
e 2 53 0.081170
e 3 53 0.790151
e 53 4 -0.015691
e 53 55 -0.699584
e 53 6 -0.194528
e 0 54 0.982480
e 1 54 1.181540
e 2 54 0.659674
e 3 54 0.227614
e 54 4 0.506525
e 54 5 0.439506
e 54 6 0.931015
e 55 5 0.034404
e 56 14 0.502289
e 57 6 0.964085
e 0 58 -8.479519
e 1 58 -6.510448
e 2 58 -7.321291
e 3 58 -4.350918
e 58 4 -0.178908
e 58 5 -0.089917
e 58 6 -0.005473
e 0 59 -1.468379
e 1 59 -0.996669
e 2 59 0.690972
e 3 59 -0.419676
e 59 4 -0.092273
e 59 5 -0.115518
e 59 67 -0.047973
e 0 60 -0.381167
e 1 60 0.241824
e 2 60 1.684836
e 3 60 0.571529
e 60 4 -0.044181
e 60 5 0.226906
e 60 6 0.129916
e 0 61 -0.050632
e 1 61 -0.310660
e 2 61 -0.256752
e 3 61 0.789178
e 61 4 -0.009143
e 61 5 -0.024148
e 61 6 -0.145570
e 0 62 -8.479519
e 1 62 -6.510448
e 2 62 -7.321291
e 3 62 -4.350918
e 62 4 -0.178908
e 62 5 -0.089917
e 62 6 -0.005473
e 0 63 -0.122916
e 1 63 -0.123559
e 2 63 0.307525
e 3 63 0.015421
e 63 4 -0.035625
e 63 5 0.013440
e 63 66 0.140656
e 0 64 -0.255601
e 1 64 0.124026
e 2 64 1.850856
e 3 68 0.568669
e 64 4 0.392164
e 64 5 0.465763
e 64 6 0.385298
e 0 65 -0.050596
e 1 65 -0.310719
e 2 65 -0.256746
e 3 65 0.789149
e 65 4 -0.009144
e 65 5 -0.024152
e 65 6 -0.145625
e 66 6 -0.830543
e 67 6 -0.738917
e 68 64 -0.761662
e 69 42 0.285242
e 15 54 -1.590788
e 8 29 -0.161599
e 70 34 0.259952
e 0 71 0.088444
e 1 71 -0.458810
e 2 71 0.172325
e 3 71 0.057411
e 71 4 -0.029536
e 71 5 -0.015667
e 71 6 -0.087173
e 0 72 -0.411313
e 1 72 -0.195984
e 2 72 1.501261
e 3 72 0.263055
e 72 4 -0.154979
e 72 5 -0.105907
e 72 6 0.338800
e 0 73 -0.552361
e 1 73 -4.441174
e 2 73 -2.866249
e 3 73 -0.820261
e 73 4 0.310434
e 73 88 0.051173
e 73 6 0.151621
e 0 74 -0.229023
e 1 74 0.484508
e 2 74 1.976782
e 3 74 0.796695
e 74 4 -0.497940
e 74 5 -0.588586
e 74 86 -0.504676
e 0 75 1.092224
e 1 85 -0.357331
e 2 75 0.286803
e 3 75 0.177100
e 75 4 -0.185294
e 75 5 0.145807
e 75 6 -0.053071
e 0 76 -0.467531
e 1 76 0.181101
e 2 76 1.984342
e 3 76 1.325044
e 76 4 -0.216652
e 76 5 -0.118189
e 76 6 -0.049592
e 0 77 0.103422
e 1 77 1.346341
e 2 77 -1.054163
e 3 77 1.226770
e 77 4 -0.032146
e 77 87 0.221501
e 77 6 -0.103684
e 0 78 0.056120
e 1 79 -2.478137
e 2 78 0.121773
e 3 78 -0.119532
e 78 4 -0.187242
e 78 5 -0.032273
e 78 6 -0.278152
e 79 120 1.319693
e 0 80 0.997205
e 1 80 1.622138
e 2 135 0.992924
e 3 80 -0.057086
e 80 4 1.601891
e 80 5 0.882870
e 80 6 1.491546
e 0 81 2.034235
e 1 81 -0.245934
e 2 81 0.343233
e 3 81 1.735335
e 81 4 1.587821
e 81 84 0.312494
e 81 6 1.088824
e 0 82 0.262094
e 1 82 0.679302
e 2 82 0.282619
e 3 82 -1.709627
e 82 4 0.039386
e 82 5 0.038924
e 82 6 0.293216
e 0 83 -0.457119
e 1 83 -0.629769
e 2 83 1.663199
e 3 83 -0.374653
e 83 4 -0.056135
e 83 5 -0.086163
e 83 6 -0.153863
e 84 5 1.310094
e 85 75 -0.636277
e 78 80 -0.112776
e 86 6 -0.421227
e 70 4 0.005971
e 87 5 -0.282429
e 88 5 -0.748013
e 0 89 -7.982501
e 1 89 -6.154454
e 2 89 -6.781293
e 3 89 -4.289505
e 89 4 -0.089246
e 89 5 0.099537
e 89 6 -0.113017
e 0 90 -0.274096
e 1 90 -0.314132
e 2 90 0.837680
e 3 90 -0.095647
e 90 4 -0.023788
e 90 5 0.015135
e 90 6 -0.091057
e 0 91 -0.554762
e 1 91 0.532983
e 2 91 1.456912
e 3 91 0.578554
e 91 4 0.207360
e 91 5 -0.128898
e 91 6 0.070095
e 0 92 -0.109416
e 1 92 -0.269667
e 2 92 -0.108206
e 3 92 0.685519
e 92 4 -0.016515
e 92 5 -0.016059
e 92 6 -0.190358
e 0 93 -8.096541
e 1 93 -6.222941
e 2 93 -6.821572
e 3 93 -4.310347
e 93 4 -0.089246
e 93 5 0.099537
e 93 6 -0.113017
e 0 94 -0.272889
e 1 94 0.197246
e 2 94 0.401747
e 3 94 -0.155505
e 94 4 0.016410
e 94 5 -0.004488
e 94 97 0.036371
e 0 95 -0.554250
e 1 95 0.532942
e 2 95 1.457368
e 3 95 0.578689
e 95 4 0.208294
e 95 5 -0.128379
e 95 121 0.062036
e 0 96 -0.109416
e 1 96 -0.269667
e 2 96 -0.108206
e 3 96 0.685519
e 96 4 -0.016515
e 96 5 -0.016059
e 96 6 -0.190358
e 97 6 -0.892218
e 0 98 1.017861
e 1 108 0.422333
e 2 98 0.949565
e 3 134 -0.763483
e 98 4 -0.910994
e 98 5 -0.555119
e 98 6 -0.910646
e 0 99 -32.147364
e 1 99 -59.354865
e 2 99 -16.544368
e 3 99 -3.662234
e 99 4 0.046963
e 99 5 -0.751563
e 99 6 -0.603109
e 0 100 0.482430
e 1 100 1.502148
e 2 100 -0.169245
e 3 100 1.717776
e 100 4 0.521643
e 100 5 0.440867
e 100 109 0.262389
e 0 102 2.459764
e 1 101 2.281996
e 2 101 0.090394
e 3 101 -1.091352
e 101 4 0.000673
e 101 5 -0.029167
e 101 114 -0.208608
e 102 101 -1.226365
e 0 103 -1.098070
e 1 103 0.037019
e 2 103 3.288686
e 3 107 -0.463069
e 103 4 -0.039380
e 103 5 -0.001681
e 103 6 0.046973
e 0 104 -3.138005
e 1 104 -4.916452
e 2 104 -0.071714
e 3 104 1.137711
e 104 4 0.031210
e 104 5 0.006825
e 104 6 -0.025103
e 0 105 0.877231
e 1 105 1.276099
e 2 105 0.054637
e 3 105 -0.216088
e 105 4 -0.357010
e 105 5 -0.196511
e 105 6 0.303659
e 0 133 0.005091
e 1 106 -0.289662
e 2 106 -2.023159
e 3 106 -1.644869
e 106 4 -0.840618
e 106 5 -0.736863
e 106 6 -0.465186
e 107 103 0.711330
e 108 98 -0.020959
e 3 4 -1.615617
e 109 6 0.479710
e 107 106 0.434718
e 0 110 0.086063
e 1 110 -0.070487
e 2 110 -0.353496
e 3 110 -1.507108
e 110 4 0.340611
e 110 5 0.461733
e 110 6 -0.023323
e 0 111 -0.188768
e 1 111 -0.660830
e 2 111 0.153871
e 3 111 0.958989
e 111 4 -0.063104
e 111 5 -0.015809
e 111 6 0.122808
e 0 112 -2.484938
e 1 112 -0.564666
e 2 112 -7.376671
e 3 112 -1.474851
e 112 4 -0.318895
e 112 5 0.551518
e 112 6 0.905572
e 0 113 -0.174049
e 1 113 -0.909560
e 2 113 -0.118608
e 3 113 1.535112
e 113 4 -0.049136
e 113 5 -0.045810
e 113 6 -0.170312
e 114 6 -0.009920
e 0 115 0.468675
e 1 115 -1.123305
e 2 115 1.030895
e 3 115 1.030656
e 115 4 -0.426808
e 115 5 -0.431058
e 115 6 -0.837282
e 0 116 1.887774
e 1 116 -0.204330
e 2 116 0.262521
e 3 116 -0.044742
e 116 4 -0.057337
e 116 5 0.005583
e 116 6 -0.447033
e 0 117 0.098124
e 1 117 -0.251851
e 2 117 0.081170
e 3 117 0.790151
e 117 4 -0.015691
e 117 119 -0.699584
e 117 6 -0.194528
e 0 118 0.982480
e 1 118 1.181540
e 2 118 0.659674
e 3 118 0.227614
e 118 4 0.506525
e 118 5 0.439506
e 118 6 0.931015
e 119 5 0.034404
e 120 78 0.501478
e 121 6 0.964085
e 0 122 -8.479519
e 1 122 -6.510448
e 2 122 -7.321291
e 3 122 -4.350918
e 122 4 -0.178908
e 122 5 -0.089917
e 122 6 -0.005473
e 0 123 -1.468379
e 1 123 -0.996669
e 2 123 0.690972
e 3 123 -0.419676
e 123 4 -0.092273
e 123 5 -0.115518
e 123 131 -0.047973
e 0 124 -0.381167
e 1 124 0.241824
e 2 124 1.684836
e 3 124 0.571529
e 124 4 -0.044181
e 124 5 0.226906
e 124 6 0.129916
e 0 125 -0.050632
e 1 125 -0.310660
e 2 125 -0.256752
e 3 125 0.789178
e 125 4 -0.009143
e 125 5 -0.024148
e 125 6 -0.145570
e 0 126 -8.479519
e 1 126 -6.510448
e 2 126 -7.321291
e 3 126 -4.350918
e 126 4 -0.178908
e 126 5 -0.089917
e 126 6 -0.005473
e 0 127 -0.122916
e 1 127 -0.123559
e 2 127 0.307525
e 3 127 0.015421
e 127 4 -0.035625
e 127 5 0.013440
e 127 130 0.140656
e 0 128 -0.219553
e 1 128 0.097929
e 2 128 1.876669
e 3 132 0.561969
e 128 4 0.383839
e 128 5 0.497582
e 128 6 0.384444
e 0 129 -0.050596
e 1 129 -0.310719
e 2 129 -0.256746
e 3 129 0.789149
e 129 4 -0.009144
e 129 5 -0.024152
e 129 6 -0.145625
e 130 6 -0.830543
e 131 6 -0.738917
e 132 128 -0.756186
e 133 106 0.285242
e 79 118 -1.590788
e 72 93 -0.167858
e 134 98 0.259929
e 135 80 -0.303678
e 93 128 -0.512946
e 0 136 -0.159934
e 1 136 0.251487
e 2 136 0.105196
e 3 136 -1.218055
e 136 4 -0.019492
e 136 5 -0.015623
e 136 6 0.366932
e 0 137 0.465157
e 1 137 -1.122616
e 2 137 -0.077373
e 3 137 0.190626
e 137 4 -0.038675
e 137 5 0.087134
e 137 6 0.017996
e 0 138 -1.907661
e 1 138 -0.899803
e 2 138 -1.200366
e 3 138 -1.451991
e 138 4 0.029906
e 138 5 0.005961
e 138 6 -0.188893
e 0 139 0.872390
e 1 139 0.047883
e 2 139 -0.608200
e 3 139 2.024666
e 139 4 -0.259537
e 139 5 0.129532
e 139 6 -0.301319
e 0 140 -1.035412
e 1 140 0.248628
e 2 140 3.032040
e 3 144 -0.459988
e 140 4 0.369983
e 140 162 -0.001847
e 140 6 -0.061606
e 0 141 -2.050205
e 1 141 -3.767815
e 2 141 -0.143450
e 3 141 1.365597
e 141 145 -1.250561
e 141 5 -0.003074
e 141 146 0.089122
e 0 142 1.041502
e 1 142 0.814147
e 2 142 0.153301
e 3 142 -0.219002
e 142 4 -0.425138
e 142 5 -0.150788
e 142 6 0.013092
e 0 143 0.850627
e 1 143 -0.116555
e 2 143 -1.673417
e 3 143 -1.696554
e 143 4 -0.231361
e 143 5 -0.089172
e 143 6 -0.336618
e 144 140 0.612198
e 145 4 -0.120408
e 146 6 1.281817
e 0 147 1.186257
e 1 160 -2.153486
e 2 147 0.306360
e 3 147 -0.294959
e 147 158 0.032080
e 147 5 0.094150
e 147 151 -0.681938
e 0 148 -2.114746
e 1 148 -1.375245
e 2 148 -3.672359
e 3 148 -1.897864
e 148 4 0.025387
e 148 5 0.033896
e 148 6 0.053045
e 0 149 1.440957
e 1 149 -0.709803
e 2 149 0.419827
e 3 149 -1.661973
e 149 4 0.041044
e 149 5 -0.010970
e 149 6 0.093546
e 0 150 -0.096290
e 1 159 -1.289336
e 2 150 0.536083
e 3 161 2.873880
e 150 4 -0.541325
e 150 5 -0.400276
e 150 6 -0.422887
e 151 6 -0.306612
e 0 152 1.940804
e 1 152 -0.543607
e 2 152 0.996149
e 3 152 0.624718
e 152 4 -0.483063
e 152 5 -0.431897
e 152 6 -0.451915
e 0 153 1.420001
e 1 153 1.552497
e 2 153 0.631614
e 3 153 -0.054932
e 153 4 -0.040801
e 153 5 1.171447
e 153 6 -0.409417
e 0 157 -0.002007
e 1 154 -0.530456
e 2 154 -1.822385
e 3 154 -2.034487
e 154 4 0.238874
e 154 5 0.041391
e 154 156 -1.153792
e 0 155 0.370221
e 1 155 0.637289
e 2 163 0.051453
e 3 155 -1.439451
e 155 4 0.041021
e 155 5 0.019650
e 155 6 0.064385
e 156 6 0.396010
e 157 154 -0.045058
e 158 4 0.400832
e 159 150 0.111290
e 160 147 -2.457917
e 161 150 -1.183456
e 162 5 -1.049397
e 163 155 -1.364701
e 136 148 1.300031
e 164 35 -0.040718
e 138 94 0.069203
e 0 165 -1.057824
e 1 165 1.639840
e 2 165 2.188664
e 3 165 -0.264576
e 165 4 0.020870
e 165 5 0.076424
e 165 6 0.053755
e 0 166 -1.413354
e 1 169 0.741569
e 2 166 1.272489
e 3 166 -0.258794
e 166 4 0.097624
e 166 5 0.113659
e 166 6 0.034941
e 0 167 -5.512768
e 1 167 -0.288778
e 2 167 -0.370170
e 3 167 -1.590211
e 167 4 0.045560
e 167 5 0.005457
e 167 6 0.033599
e 0 168 0.325821
e 1 168 1.101081
e 2 168 -0.084190
e 3 168 -1.826908
e 168 4 0.071762
e 168 5 0.041969
e 168 6 -0.064548
e 169 166 -1.108802
e 0 170 -4.214825
e 1 170 -4.156045
e 2 170 -1.457694
e 3 170 -1.821829
e 170 4 -0.043638
e 170 5 -0.040536
e 170 6 0.090839
e 0 171 1.104082
e 1 171 1.894433
e 2 171 -0.057410
e 3 171 0.626810
e 171 4 -0.127395
e 171 5 -0.132308
e 171 6 0.038024
e 0 172 1.462238
e 1 172 -2.235836
e 2 172 1.696257
e 3 172 -0.441966
e 172 4 -0.091576
e 172 178 1.639810
e 172 6 -0.014644
e 0 173 -3.153317
e 1 173 -0.534411
e 2 173 -3.585349
e 3 173 -4.170737
e 173 4 -0.161991
e 173 5 -0.127374
e 173 6 0.008576
e 0 174 0.031645
e 1 174 -0.054069
e 2 174 0.075737
e 3 174 2.419232
e 174 4 0.011637
e 174 5 -1.403998
e 174 6 1.586614
e 0 175 -1.941962
e 1 175 -0.752904
e 2 175 -0.283122
e 3 175 -2.613643
e 175 4 -0.014269
e 175 5 -0.019900
e 175 6 -0.009511
e 0 176 0.059685
e 1 176 0.347695
e 2 176 0.457398
e 3 176 -1.114504
e 176 4 0.008576
e 176 5 0.031013
e 176 6 0.165268
e 0 177 0.604500
e 1 177 0.306126
e 2 177 1.181200
e 3 177 0.107181
e 177 179 0.059611
e 177 5 -0.719118
e 177 6 1.012914
e 178 5 0.033252
e 179 4 -0.174781
e 2 6 0.013646
e 0 211 0.105757
e 1 180 1.165177
e 2 180 1.358744
e 3 180 -0.033849
e 180 4 -0.682673
e 180 5 0.080983
e 180 6 -0.193235
e 0 181 -2.465582
e 1 181 -0.732741
e 2 181 -1.896415
e 3 181 -1.430010
e 181 4 -0.021242
e 181 5 0.049984
e 181 6 -0.162572
e 0 182 -4.102644
e 1 182 1.561538
e 2 182 -2.972404
e 3 182 -1.459734
e 182 4 -1.536413
e 182 5 0.107982
e 182 6 0.193541
e 0 183 -0.275091
e 1 183 -0.846358
e 2 183 -0.401526
e 3 183 2.057180
e 183 4 0.014413
e 183 5 0.034744
e 183 6 -0.098819
e 0 184 1.587277
e 1 184 -0.305422
e 2 184 1.245184
e 3 184 1.776139
e 184 4 0.569628
e 184 5 -0.052206
e 184 6 -0.083581
e 0 185 0.948846
e 1 185 0.276713
e 2 185 1.055246
e 3 185 -0.703796
e 185 4 -1.206250
e 185 209 -0.997993
e 185 6 -1.246553
e 0 186 0.330446
e 1 186 1.544735
e 2 186 -0.394650
e 3 186 -1.526772
e 186 4 -0.407912
e 186 5 -0.404481
e 186 188 1.003151
e 0 187 -0.361591
e 1 187 -0.231859
e 2 187 1.808396
e 3 187 1.367575
e 187 4 -0.148385
e 187 5 -0.336836
e 187 6 -0.419416
e 188 6 -0.254066
e 187 185 -0.980905
e 0 189 -5.169723
e 1 189 -2.054228
e 2 189 -2.984787
e 3 189 -0.319849
e 189 4 0.032900
e 189 5 0.028129
e 189 6 0.032108
e 0 194 0.583354
e 1 190 -1.264653
e 2 190 1.573253
e 3 190 -0.473326
e 190 4 0.149500
e 190 5 -0.020879
e 190 6 -0.197912
e 0 191 -1.159119
e 1 195 0.848146
e 2 191 0.163400
e 3 191 -0.607699
e 191 4 -0.222914
e 191 5 -0.221715
e 191 6 -0.081282
e 0 192 -0.174852
e 1 192 -1.402355
e 2 192 0.128089
e 3 192 1.942580
e 192 4 -0.073297
e 192 5 -0.237022
e 192 210 0.039566
e 193 191 1.089767
e 194 196 -1.825506
e 195 193 0.945634
e 196 190 -1.466990
e 0 197 1.360139
e 1 197 -2.040530
e 2 197 0.206702
e 3 197 -0.179855
e 197 208 0.083740
e 197 5 -0.066942
e 197 201 -0.668652
e 0 198 -3.567812
e 1 198 -1.752333
e 2 198 -4.013075
e 3 198 -2.590075
e 198 4 0.288582
e 198 5 0.088632
e 198 6 0.154062
e 0 199 1.368454
e 1 199 -0.518088
e 2 199 0.288465
e 3 199 -1.493389
e 199 4 -0.053610
e 199 5 0.016577
e 199 6 0.104256
e 0 200 -0.733384
e 1 200 -1.695840
e 2 200 1.078964
e 3 200 2.807041
e 200 4 0.799560
e 200 5 0.667319
e 200 6 -0.133417
e 201 6 -0.078891
e 0 202 1.681549
e 1 202 -0.684718
e 2 202 1.124296
e 3 202 0.636623
e 202 4 -0.345914
e 202 5 -0.425713
e 202 6 -0.471672
e 0 203 1.425160
e 1 203 1.552411
e 2 203 0.695324
e 3 203 -0.032299
e 203 4 -0.046845
e 203 5 1.111603
e 203 6 -0.436007
e 0 207 -0.001527
e 1 204 -0.202580
e 2 204 -2.154742
e 3 204 -1.959909
e 204 4 0.238858
e 204 5 0.041370
e 204 206 -1.153798
e 0 205 -0.174085
e 1 205 0.995050
e 2 205 0.340210
e 3 205 -1.357481
e 205 4 0.020142
e 205 5 0.048242
e 205 6 0.036952
e 206 6 0.396030
e 207 204 -0.007981
e 208 4 0.536358
e 188 205 0.891091
e 209 5 0.523690
e 194 5 0.048345
e 210 6 0.672656
e 183 192 0.577834
e 211 180 0.254635
e 0 196 0.955861
e 0 212 0.128413
e 1 212 0.026256
e 2 212 0.073383
e 3 212 2.471824
e 212 4 0.041980
e 212 5 -1.407214
e 212 6 1.497296
e 0 223 0.242664
e 1 216 1.333652
e 2 213 -0.374315
e 3 213 -1.468949
e 213 4 -0.006004
e 213 218 -0.149347
e 213 220 0.088794
e 0 214 0.179169
e 1 214 0.837544
e 2 214 0.007878
e 3 214 -1.324320
e 214 4 0.053633
e 214 5 0.034341
e 214 6 0.035650
e 0 217 0.574665
e 1 222 0.240726
e 2 215 2.061794
e 3 215 0.359360
e 215 4 -0.650016
e 215 5 -0.293475
e 215 6 -0.201775
e 216 219 -1.081006
e 217 215 0.155142
e 218 5 -0.126764
e 219 213 0.334397
e 212 217 -2.032280
e 220 224 1.061160
e 212 225 -0.000853
e 221 6 -0.237594
e 222 215 -0.763110
e 223 213 0.860525
e 224 221 0.754119
e 225 218 -1.014158
e 48 109 1.021209
e 182 113 0.602036
e 23 103 -0.863779
e 193 176 0.001133
