n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden identity
n 8 hidden sigmoid
n 9 hidden relu
n 10 hidden gaussian
n 11 hidden sigmoid
n 12 hidden gaussian
n 13 hidden tanh
n 14 hidden sigmoid
n 15 hidden sigmoid
n 16 hidden gaussian
n 17 hidden gaussian
n 18 hidden identity
n 19 hidden sine
n 20 hidden relu
n 21 hidden identity
n 22 hidden tanh
n 23 hidden sine
n 24 hidden sigmoid
n 25 hidden relu
n 26 hidden sine
n 27 hidden gaussian
n 28 hidden identity
n 29 hidden relu
n 30 hidden sine
n 31 hidden gaussian
n 32 hidden identity
n 33 hidden identity
n 34 hidden gaussian
n 35 hidden relu
n 36 hidden sigmoid
n 37 hidden sine
n 38 hidden tanh
n 39 hidden sigmoid
n 40 hidden sigmoid
n 41 hidden gaussian
n 42 hidden tanh
n 43 hidden tanh
n 44 hidden relu
n 45 hidden tanh
n 46 hidden gaussian
n 47 hidden sine
n 48 hidden sigmoid
n 49 hidden identity
n 50 hidden relu
n 51 hidden tanh
n 52 hidden tanh
n 53 hidden identity
n 54 hidden sigmoid
n 55 hidden relu
n 56 hidden sigmoid
n 57 hidden gaussian
n 58 hidden relu
n 59 hidden sine
n 60 hidden gaussian
n 61 hidden identity
n 62 hidden relu
n 63 hidden sine
n 64 hidden gaussian
n 65 hidden identity
n 66 hidden identity
n 67 hidden sigmoid
n 68 hidden sine
n 69 hidden sigmoid
n 70 hidden tanh
n 71 hidden identity
n 72 hidden sigmoid
n 73 hidden relu
n 74 hidden gaussian
n 75 hidden sigmoid
n 76 hidden gaussian
n 77 hidden tanh
n 78 hidden sigmoid
n 79 hidden sigmoid
n 80 hidden gaussian
n 81 hidden gaussian
n 82 hidden identity
n 83 hidden sine
n 84 hidden relu
n 85 hidden identity
n 86 hidden tanh
n 87 hidden sine
n 88 hidden sigmoid
n 89 hidden relu
n 90 hidden sine
n 91 hidden gaussian
n 92 hidden identity
n 93 hidden relu
n 94 hidden sine
n 95 hidden gaussian
n 96 hidden identity
n 97 hidden identity
n 98 hidden gaussian
n 99 hidden relu
n 100 hidden sigmoid
n 101 hidden sine
n 102 hidden tanh
n 103 hidden sigmoid
n 104 hidden sigmoid
n 105 hidden gaussian
n 106 hidden tanh
n 107 hidden tanh
n 108 hidden relu
n 109 hidden tanh
n 110 hidden gaussian
n 111 hidden sine
n 112 hidden sigmoid
n 113 hidden identity
n 114 hidden relu
n 115 hidden tanh
n 116 hidden tanh
n 117 hidden identity
n 118 hidden sigmoid
n 119 hidden relu
n 120 hidden sigmoid
n 121 hidden gaussian
n 122 hidden relu
n 123 hidden sine
n 124 hidden gaussian
n 125 hidden identity
n 126 hidden relu
n 127 hidden sine
n 128 hidden gaussian
n 129 hidden identity
n 130 hidden identity
n 131 hidden sigmoid
n 132 hidden sine
n 133 hidden sigmoid
n 134 hidden tanh
n 135 hidden sigmoid
n 136 hidden identity
n 137 hidden sine
n 138 hidden relu
n 139 hidden tanh
n 140 hidden sigmoid
n 141 hidden sigmoid
n 142 hidden gaussian
n 143 hidden tanh
n 144 hidden tanh
n 145 hidden sigmoid
n 146 hidden identity
n 147 hidden sigmoid
n 148 hidden relu
n 149 hidden sine
n 150 hidden gaussian
n 151 hidden sigmoid
n 152 hidden gaussian
n 153 hidden gaussian
n 154 hidden sigmoid
n 155 hidden identity
n 156 hidden identity
n 157 hidden sigmoid
n 158 hidden identity
n 159 hidden sigmoid
n 160 hidden identity
n 161 hidden gaussian
n 162 hidden sigmoid
n 163 hidden relu
n 164 hidden relu
n 165 hidden sine
n 166 hidden sine
n 167 hidden relu
n 168 hidden identity
n 169 hidden relu
n 170 hidden relu
n 171 hidden sine
n 172 hidden sine
n 173 hidden relu
n 174 hidden gaussian
n 175 hidden relu
n 176 hidden identity
n 177 hidden gaussian
n 178 hidden gaussian
n 179 hidden gaussian
n 180 hidden tanh
n 181 hidden relu
n 182 hidden sigmoid
n 183 hidden identity
n 184 hidden tanh
n 185 hidden gaussian
n 186 hidden tanh
n 187 hidden gaussian
n 188 hidden gaussian
n 189 hidden sine
n 190 hidden sigmoid
n 191 hidden sigmoid
n 192 hidden sine
n 193 hidden gaussian
n 194 hidden sigmoid
n 195 hidden relu
n 196 hidden sigmoid
n 197 hidden sigmoid
n 198 hidden relu
n 199 hidden sine
n 200 hidden gaussian
n 201 hidden sigmoid
n 202 hidden gaussian
n 203 hidden gaussian
n 204 hidden sigmoid
n 205 hidden identity
n 206 hidden identity
n 207 hidden sigmoid
n 208 hidden identity
n 209 hidden sine
n 210 hidden gaussian
n 211 hidden relu
n 212 hidden gaussian
n 213 hidden relu
n 214 hidden identity
n 215 hidden gaussian
n 216 hidden relu
n 217 hidden identity
n 218 hidden sigmoid
n 219 hidden relu
n 220 hidden tanh
n 221 hidden gaussian
n 222 hidden sigmoid
n 223 hidden tanh
n 224 hidden tanh
n 225 hidden tanh
e 0 7 0.091667
e 1 7 -0.459912
e 2 7 0.171422
e 3 7 0.058047
e 7 4 -0.034214
e 7 5 -0.021305
e 7 6 -0.086156
e 0 8 -0.411286
e 1 8 -0.192670
e 2 8 1.500172
e 3 8 0.263005
e 8 4 -0.168072
e 8 5 -0.062550
e 8 6 0.340445
e 0 9 -0.531384
e 1 9 -4.427879
e 2 9 -2.848761
e 3 9 -0.808480
e 9 4 0.309623
e 9 24 0.051210
e 9 6 0.151527
e 0 10 -0.228841
e 1 10 0.484071
e 2 10 1.977091
e 3 10 0.797004
e 10 4 -0.498635
e 10 5 -0.586872
e 10 22 -0.504641
e 0 11 1.092491
e 1 21 -0.357417
e 2 11 0.286951
e 3 11 0.177213
e 11 4 -0.186059
e 11 5 0.147439
e 11 6 -0.053165
e 0 12 -0.467470
e 1 12 0.180428
e 2 12 1.984411
e 3 12 1.325015
e 12 4 -0.216503
e 12 5 -0.119797
e 12 6 -0.049891
e 0 13 0.110009
e 1 13 1.343974
e 2 13 -1.061835
e 3 13 1.223016
e 13 4 -0.028999
e 13 23 0.217018
e 13 6 -0.104155
e 0 14 0.057758
e 1 15 -2.478192
e 2 14 0.125486
e 3 14 -0.117796
e 14 4 -0.184934
e 14 5 -0.031280
e 14 6 -0.278294
e 15 56 1.319694
e 0 16 0.655911
e 1 16 1.477893
e 2 16 1.054189
e 3 16 -0.511077
e 16 4 2.056069
e 16 5 1.277665
e 16 6 1.491575
e 0 17 2.034191
e 1 17 -0.245537
e 2 17 0.343595
e 3 17 1.735403
e 17 4 1.588170
e 17 20 0.310332
e 17 6 1.088777
e 0 18 0.266469
e 1 18 0.681067
e 2 18 0.284339
e 3 18 -1.708605
e 18 4 0.035083
e 18 5 0.037722
e 18 6 0.292985
e 0 19 -0.457909
e 1 19 -0.638467
e 2 19 1.659774
e 3 19 -0.377144
e 19 4 -0.056037
e 19 5 -0.093488
e 19 6 -0.152896
e 20 5 1.309580
e 21 11 -0.636326
e 14 16 -0.543961
e 22 6 -0.421049
e 6 4 -0.107789
e 23 5 -0.277467
e 24 5 -0.747273
e 0 25 -7.943857
e 1 25 -6.134982
e 2 25 -6.759024
e 3 25 -4.272825
e 25 4 -0.090057
e 25 5 0.101239
e 25 6 -0.113111
e 0 26 -0.274610
e 1 26 -0.315909
e 2 26 0.834219
e 3 26 -0.097056
e 26 4 -0.013861
e 26 5 0.014899
e 26 6 -0.091423
e 0 27 -0.556830
e 1 27 0.532285
e 2 27 1.456719
e 3 27 0.578744
e 27 4 0.208561
e 27 5 -0.124344
e 27 6 0.069714
e 0 28 -0.111270
e 1 28 -0.270302
e 2 28 -0.108941
e 3 28 0.685189
e 28 4 -0.014402
e 28 5 -0.015485
e 28 6 -0.190311
e 0 29 -7.943857
e 1 29 -6.134982
e 2 29 -6.759024
e 3 29 -4.272825
e 29 4 -0.090057
e 29 5 0.101239
e 29 6 -0.113111
e 0 30 -0.258831
e 1 30 0.203896
e 2 30 0.409987
e 3 30 -0.148266
e 30 4 0.028661
e 30 5 -0.000367
e 30 33 0.036810
e 0 31 -0.556354
e 1 31 0.532228
e 2 31 1.457174
e 3 31 0.578867
e 31 4 0.209498
e 31 5 -0.123829
e 31 57 0.062090
e 0 32 -0.111270
e 1 32 -0.270302
e 2 32 -0.108941
e 3 32 0.685189
e 32 4 -0.014402
e 32 5 -0.015485
e 32 6 -0.190311
e 33 6 -0.892239
e 0 34 1.017272
e 1 44 0.422347
e 2 34 0.949253
e 3 70 -0.746958
e 34 4 -0.911500
e 34 5 -0.556085
e 34 6 -0.910658
e 0 35 -32.085354
e 1 35 -59.351165
e 2 164 -16.369314
e 3 35 -3.647067
e 35 4 0.046152
e 35 5 -0.749861
e 35 6 -0.603203
e 0 36 0.482489
e 1 36 1.502314
e 2 36 -0.169096
e 3 36 1.717888
e 36 4 0.520835
e 36 5 0.442572
e 36 45 0.262382
e 0 38 2.459428
e 1 37 2.280566
e 2 37 0.086746
e 3 37 -1.089830
e 37 4 -0.004453
e 37 5 -0.039160
e 37 50 -0.208636
e 38 37 -1.224914
e 0 39 -1.095726
e 1 39 0.037629
e 2 39 3.289423
e 3 43 -0.463050
e 39 4 -0.022715
e 39 5 0.049438
e 39 6 0.047546
e 0 40 -3.138362
e 1 40 -4.916498
e 2 40 -0.071434
e 3 40 1.137815
e 40 4 0.025686
e 40 5 0.017734
e 40 6 -0.024770
e 0 41 0.876897
e 1 41 1.277091
e 2 41 0.055592
e 3 41 -0.215795
e 41 4 -0.356384
e 41 5 -0.194007
e 41 6 0.303680
e 0 69 0.005094
e 1 42 -0.290448
e 2 42 -2.023750
e 3 42 -1.645320
e 42 4 -0.839807
e 42 5 -0.738565
e 42 6 -0.465092
e 43 39 0.710745
e 44 34 -0.021240
e 3 4 -1.616427
e 45 6 0.479662
e 43 42 0.435089
e 0 46 0.086262
e 1 46 -0.069650
e 2 46 -0.353430
e 3 46 -1.507103
e 46 4 0.340221
e 46 5 0.461942
e 46 6 -0.023347
e 0 47 -0.189451
e 1 47 -0.660136
e 2 47 0.150688
e 3 47 0.954837
e 47 4 -0.067998
e 47 5 -0.013328
e 47 6 0.123545
e 0 48 -2.486928
e 1 48 -0.562697
e 2 48 -7.376956
e 3 48 -1.474727
e 48 4 -0.318895
e 48 5 0.551518
e 48 6 0.905572
e 0 49 -0.175675
e 1 49 -0.912272
e 2 49 -0.120960
e 3 49 1.534662
e 49 4 -0.048226
e 49 5 -0.048466
e 49 6 -0.169450
e 50 6 -0.004637
e 0 51 0.471036
e 1 51 -1.123555
e 2 51 1.030758
e 3 51 1.030892
e 51 4 -0.431098
e 51 5 -0.431559
e 51 6 -0.837355
e 0 52 1.888810
e 1 52 -0.204020
e 2 52 0.262817
e 3 52 -0.044415
e 52 4 -0.058475
e 52 5 0.019883
e 52 6 -0.446870
e 0 53 0.112606
e 1 53 -0.246714
e 2 53 0.087224
e 3 53 0.794925
e 53 4 -0.020414
e 53 55 -0.705528
e 53 6 -0.193837
e 0 54 0.982557
e 1 54 1.181698
e 2 54 0.659822
e 3 54 0.227724
e 54 4 0.505720
e 54 5 0.441211
e 54 6 0.930921
e 55 5 0.045890
e 56 14 0.502371
e 57 6 0.964048
e 0 58 -8.431526
e 1 58 -6.494608
e 2 58 -7.298756
e 3 58 -4.334498
e 58 4 -0.179719
e 58 5 -0.088215
e 58 6 -0.005567
e 0 59 -1.467039
e 1 59 -0.984812
e 2 59 0.686938
e 3 59 -0.422982
e 59 4 -0.104810
e 59 5 -0.109165
e 59 67 -0.048135
e 0 60 -0.379790
e 1 60 0.242741
e 2 60 1.684680
e 3 60 0.571315
e 60 4 -0.045365
e 60 5 0.229636
e 60 6 0.129527
e 0 61 -0.052602
e 1 61 -0.310716
e 2 61 -0.256825
e 3 61 0.789193
e 61 4 -0.008216
e 61 5 -0.025651
e 61 6 -0.145365
e 0 62 -8.431526
e 1 62 -6.494608
e 2 62 -7.298756
e 3 62 -4.334498
e 62 4 -0.179719
e 62 5 -0.088215
e 62 6 -0.005567
e 0 63 -0.122260
e 1 63 -0.125058
e 2 63 0.306283
e 3 63 0.014413
e 63 4 -0.035211
e 63 5 0.015851
e 63 66 0.140637
e 0 64 -0.258259
e 1 64 0.129136
e 2 64 1.848931
e 3 68 0.569025
e 64 4 0.388556
e 64 5 0.470672
e 64 6 0.385161
e 0 65 -0.052655
e 1 65 -0.310631
e 2 65 -0.256834
e 3 65 0.789234
e 65 4 -0.008213
e 65 5 -0.025643
e 65 6 -0.145285
e 66 6 -0.830540
e 67 6 -0.739071
e 68 64 -0.761956
e 69 42 0.285019
e 15 54 -1.590605
e 8 29 -0.143460
e 70 34 0.260329
e 0 71 0.091667
e 1 71 -0.459912
e 2 71 0.171422
e 3 71 0.058047
e 71 4 -0.034214
e 71 5 -0.021305
e 71 6 -0.086156
e 0 72 -0.411105
e 1 72 -0.193320
e 2 72 1.500418
e 3 72 0.263279
e 72 4 -0.175820
e 72 5 -0.082206
e 72 6 0.340540
e 0 73 -0.531384
e 1 73 -4.427879
e 2 73 -2.848761
e 3 73 -0.808480
e 73 4 0.309623
e 73 88 0.051210
e 73 6 0.151527
e 0 74 -0.228841
e 1 74 0.484071
e 2 74 1.977091
e 3 74 0.797004
e 74 4 -0.498635
e 74 5 -0.586872
e 74 86 -0.504641
e 0 75 1.092491
e 1 85 -0.357417
e 2 75 0.286951
e 3 75 0.177213
e 75 4 -0.186059
e 75 5 0.147439
e 75 6 -0.053165
e 0 76 -0.467470
e 1 76 0.180428
e 2 76 1.984411
e 3 76 1.325015
e 76 4 -0.216503
e 76 5 -0.119797
e 76 6 -0.049891
e 0 77 0.109960
e 1 77 1.343962
e 2 77 -1.061814
e 3 77 1.223024
e 77 4 -0.028984
e 77 87 0.214703
e 77 6 -0.104156
e 0 78 0.056631
e 1 79 -2.478201
e 2 78 0.121993
e 3 78 -0.119319
e 78 4 -0.185298
e 78 5 -0.030253
e 78 6 -0.278244
e 79 120 1.319693
e 0 80 0.998056
e 1 80 1.616396
e 2 135 0.992934
e 3 80 -0.059364
e 80 4 1.604944
e 80 5 0.883288
e 80 6 1.491558
e 0 81 2.034191
e 1 81 -0.245537
e 2 81 0.343595
e 3 81 1.735403
e 81 4 1.588170
e 81 84 0.310332
e 81 6 1.088777
e 0 82 0.266469
e 1 82 0.681067
e 2 82 0.284339
e 3 82 -1.708605
e 82 4 0.035083
e 82 5 0.037722
e 82 6 0.292985
e 0 83 -0.457909
e 1 83 -0.638467
e 2 83 1.659774
e 3 83 -0.377144
e 83 4 -0.056037
e 83 5 -0.093488
e 83 6 -0.152896
e 84 5 1.309580
e 85 75 -0.636326
e 78 80 -0.114276
e 86 6 -0.421049
e 70 4 0.006747
e 87 5 -0.277450
e 88 5 -0.747273
e 0 89 -7.943857
e 1 89 -6.134982
e 2 89 -6.759024
e 3 89 -4.272825
e 89 4 -0.090057
e 89 5 0.101239
e 89 6 -0.113111
e 0 90 -0.274610
e 1 90 -0.315909
e 2 90 0.834219
e 3 90 -0.097056
e 90 4 -0.013861
e 90 5 0.014899
e 90 6 -0.091423
e 0 91 -0.556830
e 1 91 0.532285
e 2 91 1.456719
e 3 91 0.578744
e 91 4 0.208561
e 91 5 -0.124344
e 91 6 0.069714
e 0 92 -0.111270
e 1 92 -0.270302
e 2 92 -0.108941
e 3 92 0.685189
e 92 4 -0.014402
e 92 5 -0.015485
e 92 6 -0.190311
e 0 93 -8.055390
e 1 93 -6.205959
e 2 93 -6.797866
e 3 93 -4.292902
e 93 4 -0.090057
e 93 5 0.101239
e 93 6 -0.113111
e 0 94 -0.274690
e 1 94 0.193371
e 2 94 0.399577
e 3 94 -0.156536
e 94 4 0.024946
e 94 5 0.000517
e 94 97 0.037006
e 0 95 -0.556354
e 1 95 0.532228
e 2 95 1.457174
e 3 95 0.578867
e 95 4 0.209498
e 95 5 -0.123829
e 95 121 0.062090
e 0 96 -0.111270
e 1 96 -0.270302
e 2 96 -0.108941
e 3 96 0.685189
e 96 4 -0.014402
e 96 5 -0.015485
e 96 6 -0.190311
e 97 6 -0.892246
e 0 98 1.017287
e 1 108 0.422346
e 2 98 0.949258
e 3 134 -0.763487
e 98 4 -0.911495
e 98 5 -0.556057
e 98 6 -0.910658
e 0 99 -32.085354
e 1 99 -59.351165
e 2 99 -16.519891
e 3 99 -3.647067
e 99 4 0.046152
e 99 5 -0.749861
e 99 6 -0.603203
e 0 100 0.482489
e 1 100 1.502314
e 2 100 -0.169096
e 3 100 1.717888
e 100 4 0.520835
e 100 5 0.442572
e 100 109 0.262382
e 0 102 2.459428
e 1 101 2.280566
e 2 101 0.086746
e 3 101 -1.089830
e 101 4 -0.004453
e 101 5 -0.039160
e 101 114 -0.208636
e 102 101 -1.224914
e 0 103 -1.095587
e 1 103 0.038159
e 2 103 3.289406
e 3 107 -0.463040
e 103 4 -0.032523
e 103 5 0.020253
e 103 6 0.047979
e 0 104 -3.138362
e 1 104 -4.916498
e 2 104 -0.071434
e 3 104 1.137815
e 104 4 0.025686
e 104 5 0.017734
e 104 6 -0.024770
e 0 105 0.876897
e 1 105 1.277091
e 2 105 0.055592
e 3 105 -0.215795
e 105 4 -0.356384
e 105 5 -0.194007
e 105 6 0.303680
e 0 133 0.005094
e 1 106 -0.290448
e 2 106 -2.023750
e 3 106 -1.645320
e 106 4 -0.839807
e 106 5 -0.738565
e 106 6 -0.465092
e 107 103 0.710568
e 108 98 -0.021226
e 3 4 -1.616427
e 109 6 0.479662
e 107 106 0.435089
e 0 110 0.086262
e 1 110 -0.069650
e 2 110 -0.353430
e 3 110 -1.507103
e 110 4 0.340221
e 110 5 0.461942
e 110 6 -0.023347
e 0 111 -0.189451
e 1 111 -0.660136
e 2 111 0.150688
e 3 111 0.954837
e 111 4 -0.067998
e 111 5 -0.013328
e 111 6 0.123545
e 0 112 -2.486628
e 1 112 -0.562227
e 2 112 -7.377143
e 3 112 -1.474573
e 112 4 -0.318895
e 112 5 0.551518
e 112 6 0.905572
e 0 113 -0.175675
e 1 113 -0.912272
e 2 113 -0.120960
e 3 113 1.534662
e 113 4 -0.048226
e 113 5 -0.048466
e 113 6 -0.169450
e 114 6 -0.004637
e 0 115 0.471036
e 1 115 -1.123555
e 2 115 1.030758
e 3 115 1.030892
e 115 4 -0.431098
e 115 5 -0.431559
e 115 6 -0.837355
e 0 116 1.888810
e 1 116 -0.204020
e 2 116 0.262817
e 3 116 -0.044415
e 116 4 -0.058475
e 116 5 0.019883
e 116 6 -0.446870
e 0 117 0.112606
e 1 117 -0.246714
e 2 117 0.087224
e 3 117 0.794925
e 117 4 -0.020414
e 117 119 -0.705528
e 117 6 -0.193837
e 0 118 0.982557
e 1 118 1.181698
e 2 118 0.659822
e 3 118 0.227724
e 118 4 0.505720
e 118 5 0.441211
e 118 6 0.930921
e 119 5 0.045890
e 120 78 0.501563
e 121 6 0.964048
e 0 122 -8.431526
e 1 122 -6.494608
e 2 122 -7.298756
e 3 122 -4.334498
e 122 4 -0.179719
e 122 5 -0.088215
e 122 6 -0.005567
e 0 123 -1.467039
e 1 123 -0.984812
e 2 123 0.686938
e 3 123 -0.422982
e 123 4 -0.104810
e 123 5 -0.109165
e 123 131 -0.048135
e 0 124 -0.379790
e 1 124 0.242741
e 2 124 1.684680
e 3 124 0.571315
e 124 4 -0.045365
e 124 5 0.229636
e 124 6 0.129527
e 0 125 -0.052602
e 1 125 -0.310716
e 2 125 -0.256825
e 3 125 0.789193
e 125 4 -0.008216
e 125 5 -0.025651
e 125 6 -0.145365
e 0 126 -8.431526
e 1 126 -6.494608
e 2 126 -7.298756
e 3 126 -4.334498
e 126 4 -0.179719
e 126 5 -0.088215
e 126 6 -0.005567
e 0 127 -0.122260
e 1 127 -0.125058
e 2 127 0.306283
e 3 127 0.014413
e 127 4 -0.035211
e 127 5 0.015851
e 127 130 0.140637
e 0 128 -0.224481
e 1 128 0.102745
e 2 128 1.873928
e 3 132 0.562946
e 128 4 0.385340
e 128 5 0.504224
e 128 6 0.384475
e 0 129 -0.052655
e 1 129 -0.310631
e 2 129 -0.256834
e 3 129 0.789234
e 129 4 -0.008213
e 129 5 -0.025643
e 129 6 -0.145285
e 130 6 -0.830540
e 131 6 -0.739071
e 132 128 -0.756984
e 133 106 0.285019
e 79 118 -1.590605
e 72 93 -0.148833
e 134 98 0.260307
e 135 80 -0.305963
e 93 128 -0.514448
e 0 136 -0.156773
e 1 136 0.252520
e 2 136 0.107514
e 3 136 -1.217836
e 136 4 -0.013904
e 136 5 -0.010003
e 136 6 0.367081
e 0 137 0.465806
e 1 137 -1.114105
e 2 137 -0.075814
e 3 137 0.191043
e 137 4 -0.026623
e 137 5 0.086465
e 137 6 0.017711
e 0 138 -1.865365
e 1 138 -0.880626
e 2 138 -1.173428
e 3 138 -1.433012
e 138 4 0.011356
e 138 5 0.019907
e 138 6 -0.188919
e 0 139 0.873502
e 1 139 0.048430
e 2 139 -0.607339
e 3 139 2.025245
e 139 4 -0.257355
e 139 5 0.131715
e 139 6 -0.301826
e 0 140 -1.025987
e 1 140 0.253430
e 2 140 3.033774
e 3 144 -0.459826
e 140 4 0.352809
e 140 162 -0.003266
e 140 6 -0.061335
e 0 141 -2.050286
e 1 141 -3.768234
e 2 141 -0.143817
e 3 141 1.365347
e 141 145 -1.250402
e 141 5 -0.004456
e 141 146 0.089375
e 0 142 1.040085
e 1 142 0.816094
e 2 142 0.153882
e 3 142 -0.218624
e 142 4 -0.424089
e 142 5 -0.147242
e 142 6 0.014403
e 0 143 0.859355
e 1 143 -0.122074
e 2 143 -1.672805
e 3 143 -1.697233
e 143 4 -0.238333
e 143 5 -0.113639
e 143 6 -0.337711
e 144 140 0.608840
e 145 4 -0.120763
e 146 6 1.281835
e 0 147 1.188626
e 1 160 -2.151069
e 2 147 0.305163
e 3 147 -0.294175
e 147 158 0.031775
e 147 5 0.095208
e 147 151 -0.681353
e 0 148 -2.079443
e 1 148 -1.353931
e 2 148 -3.651334
e 3 148 -1.879283
e 148 4 0.023913
e 148 5 0.034986
e 148 6 0.052511
e 0 149 1.423704
e 1 149 -0.701759
e 2 149 0.417946
e 3 149 -1.663575
e 149 4 0.044532
e 149 5 0.007229
e 149 6 0.093686
e 0 150 -0.099241
e 1 159 -1.289137
e 2 150 0.536228
e 3 161 2.873824
e 150 4 -0.541141
e 150 5 -0.397645
e 150 6 -0.420393
e 151 6 -0.307144
e 0 152 1.942307
e 1 152 -0.544665
e 2 152 0.996323
e 3 152 0.626007
e 152 4 -0.480153
e 152 5 -0.431627
e 152 6 -0.448665
e 0 153 1.420348
e 1 153 1.552264
e 2 153 0.631081
e 3 153 -0.055070
e 153 4 -0.041054
e 153 5 1.171727
e 153 6 -0.409435
e 0 157 -0.002004
e 1 154 -0.531316
e 2 154 -1.821847
e 3 154 -2.033518
e 154 4 0.238937
e 154 5 0.041443
e 154 156 -1.153772
e 0 155 0.373792
e 1 155 0.640024
e 2 163 0.046353
e 3 155 -1.439574
e 155 4 0.034456
e 155 5 0.014737
e 155 6 0.064812
e 156 6 0.395953
e 157 154 -0.044574
e 158 4 0.405588
e 159 150 0.112874
e 160 147 -2.458034
e 161 150 -1.183457
e 162 5 -1.049759
e 163 155 -1.365635
e 136 148 1.279707
e 164 35 -0.036060
e 138 94 0.068901
e 0 165 -1.051858
e 1 165 1.635703
e 2 165 2.194510
e 3 165 -0.261841
e 165 4 0.003794
e 165 5 0.081419
e 165 6 0.053483
e 0 166 -1.417903
e 1 169 0.737733
e 2 166 1.263460
e 3 166 -0.260223
e 166 4 0.113163
e 166 5 0.110376
e 166 6 0.032783
e 0 167 -5.471368
e 1 167 -0.268988
e 2 167 -0.345300
e 3 167 -1.571880
e 167 4 0.042501
e 167 5 0.009380
e 167 6 0.033528
e 0 168 0.328011
e 1 168 1.105145
e 2 168 -0.079960
e 3 168 -1.825597
e 168 4 0.070013
e 168 5 0.041351
e 168 6 -0.064998
e 169 166 -1.106092
e 0 170 -4.173681
e 1 170 -4.137316
e 2 170 -1.435082
e 3 170 -1.804817
e 170 4 -0.044627
e 170 5 -0.036880
e 170 6 0.091090
e 0 171 1.088489
e 1 171 1.883950
e 2 171 -0.052694
e 3 171 0.618110
e 171 4 -0.100186
e 171 5 -0.161088
e 171 6 0.037787
e 0 172 1.427095
e 1 172 -2.230399
e 2 172 1.686682
e 3 172 -0.446059
e 172 4 -0.084803
e 172 178 1.632428
e 172 6 -0.015799
e 0 173 -3.110501
e 1 173 -0.515894
e 2 173 -3.564047
e 3 173 -4.153946
e 173 4 -0.162980
e 173 5 -0.123717
e 173 6 0.008827
e 0 174 0.031942
e 1 174 -0.054254
e 2 174 0.075931
e 3 174 2.419223
e 174 4 0.011570
e 174 5 -1.404021
e 174 6 1.586605
e 0 175 -1.901810
e 1 175 -0.741432
e 2 175 -0.260497
e 3 175 -2.596593
e 175 4 -0.028926
e 175 5 -0.034018
e 175 6 -0.009018
e 0 176 0.065095
e 1 176 0.344078
e 2 176 0.456443
e 3 176 -1.115399
e 176 4 0.007743
e 176 5 0.032510
e 176 6 0.164840
e 0 177 0.604938
e 1 177 0.306192
e 2 177 1.181102
e 3 177 0.107298
e 177 179 0.059580
e 177 5 -0.718770
e 177 6 1.012872
e 178 5 0.004623
e 179 4 -0.175176
e 2 6 0.013204
e 0 211 0.106032
e 1 180 1.165754
e 2 180 1.359188
e 3 180 -0.033365
e 180 4 -0.684003
e 180 5 0.084284
e 180 6 -0.193341
e 0 181 -2.424476
e 1 181 -0.713826
e 2 181 -1.869949
e 3 181 -1.413159
e 181 4 -0.021275
e 181 5 0.056228
e 181 6 -0.161310
e 0 182 -4.096422
e 1 182 1.561091
e 2 182 -2.974971
e 3 182 -1.459699
e 182 4 -1.536413
e 182 5 0.107982
e 182 6 0.193541
e 0 183 -0.283142
e 1 183 -0.840968
e 2 183 -0.398920
e 3 183 2.060299
e 183 4 0.022415
e 183 5 0.039232
e 183 6 -0.098236
e 0 184 1.588043
e 1 184 -0.304904
e 2 184 1.245850
e 3 184 1.776573
e 184 4 0.568643
e 184 5 -0.048747
e 184 6 -0.084091
e 0 185 0.947611
e 1 185 0.274789
e 2 185 1.055908
e 3 185 -0.706204
e 185 4 -1.209711
e 185 209 -0.999508
e 185 6 -1.247339
e 0 186 0.316542
e 1 186 1.533493
e 2 186 -0.399529
e 3 186 -1.540769
e 186 4 -0.421713
e 186 5 -0.448841
e 186 188 1.002859
e 0 187 -0.362807
e 1 187 -0.234553
e 2 187 1.808276
e 3 187 1.366815
e 187 4 -0.150201
e 187 5 -0.340156
e 187 6 -0.419513
e 188 6 -0.254786
e 187 185 -0.981593
e 0 189 -5.197917
e 1 189 -2.056268
e 2 189 -3.003922
e 3 189 -0.328866
e 189 4 0.027036
e 189 5 0.038051
e 189 6 0.032157
e 0 194 0.583409
e 1 190 -1.265608
e 2 190 1.577594
e 3 190 -0.470331
e 190 4 0.137849
e 190 5 -0.012937
e 190 6 -0.197245
e 0 191 -1.157599
e 1 195 0.848019
e 2 191 0.169210
e 3 191 -0.605196
e 191 4 -0.214034
e 191 5 -0.205911
e 191 6 -0.080218
e 0 192 -0.170348
e 1 192 -1.393310
e 2 192 0.137502
e 3 192 1.949272
e 192 4 -0.091701
e 192 5 -0.245901
e 192 210 0.037749
e 193 191 1.090535
e 194 196 -1.825379
e 195 193 0.945521
e 196 190 -1.461678
e 0 197 1.361237
e 1 197 -2.040203
e 2 197 0.200791
e 3 197 -0.180315
e 197 208 0.081237
e 197 5 -0.055750
e 197 201 -0.667404
e 0 198 -3.533510
e 1 198 -1.734240
e 2 198 -3.988784
e 3 198 -2.573505
e 198 4 0.286673
e 198 5 0.091414
e 198 6 0.153606
e 0 199 1.351453
e 1 199 -0.522883
e 2 199 0.279027
e 3 199 -1.501172
e 199 4 -0.052668
e 199 5 0.017423
e 199 6 0.102847
e 0 200 -0.737814
e 1 200 -1.705155
e 2 200 1.084807
e 3 200 2.808582
e 200 4 0.800241
e 200 5 0.659340
e 200 6 -0.132160
e 201 6 -0.078552
e 0 202 1.679127
e 1 202 -0.682245
e 2 202 1.122937
e 3 202 0.635211
e 202 4 -0.346711
e 202 5 -0.430058
e 202 6 -0.474181
e 0 203 1.425395
e 1 203 1.552355
e 2 203 0.695193
e 3 203 -0.032293
e 203 4 -0.046900
e 203 5 1.111796
e 203 6 -0.435476
e 0 207 -0.001522
e 1 204 -0.201427
e 2 204 -2.155391
e 3 204 -1.959508
e 204 4 0.238922
e 204 5 0.041422
e 204 206 -1.153779
e 0 205 -0.172142
e 1 205 0.992443
e 2 205 0.337276
e 3 205 -1.358883
e 205 4 0.026795
e 205 5 0.060443
e 205 6 0.034821
e 206 6 0.395972
e 207 204 -0.007779
e 208 4 0.538209
e 188 205 0.890758
e 209 5 0.525636
e 194 5 0.043011
e 210 6 0.672273
e 183 192 0.579806
e 211 180 0.254804
e 0 196 0.954906
e 0 212 0.128468
e 1 212 0.026066
e 2 212 0.073482
e 3 212 2.471818
e 212 4 0.042010
e 212 5 -1.407226
e 212 6 1.497288
e 0 223 0.246281
e 1 216 1.322465
e 2 213 -0.349982
e 3 213 -1.447842
e 213 4 0.017210
e 213 218 -0.150567
e 213 220 0.088814
e 0 214 0.180938
e 1 214 0.839267
e 2 214 0.010035
e 3 214 -1.323911
e 214 4 0.054084
e 214 5 0.035685
e 214 6 0.034995
e 0 217 0.573889
e 1 222 0.240766
e 2 215 2.060760
e 3 215 0.356714
e 215 4 -0.658126
e 215 5 -0.298753
e 215 6 -0.202843
e 216 219 -1.067203
e 217 215 0.152438
e 218 5 -0.136704
e 219 213 0.343818
e 212 217 -2.032283
e 220 224 1.061164
e 212 225 -0.000852
e 221 6 -0.237386
e 222 215 -0.765822
e 223 213 0.878081
e 224 221 0.754126
e 225 218 -1.014158
e 48 109 1.021209
e 182 113 0.602036
e 23 103 -0.863776
e 193 176 0.001133
