n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden identity
n 8 hidden sigmoid
n 9 hidden relu
n 10 hidden gaussian
n 11 hidden sigmoid
n 12 hidden gaussian
n 13 hidden tanh
n 14 hidden sigmoid
n 15 hidden sigmoid
n 16 hidden relu
n 17 hidden tanh
n 18 hidden sigmoid
n 19 hidden sine
n 20 hidden identity
n 21 hidden tanh
n 22 hidden identity
n 23 hidden tanh
n 24 hidden gaussian
n 25 hidden relu
n 26 hidden identity
n 27 hidden sine
n 28 hidden relu
n 29 hidden tanh
n 30 hidden sigmoid
n 31 hidden sigmoid
n 32 hidden gaussian
n 33 hidden tanh
n 34 hidden tanh
n 35 hidden sigmoid
n 36 hidden gaussian
n 37 hidden identity
n 38 hidden identity
n 39 hidden identity
n 40 hidden sine
n 41 hidden sine
n 42 hidden sigmoid
n 43 hidden relu
n 44 hidden tanh
n 45 hidden sigmoid
n 46 hidden tanh
n 47 hidden relu
n 48 hidden tanh
n 49 hidden sigmoid
n 50 hidden tanh
n 51 hidden identity
n 52 hidden tanh
n 53 hidden gaussian
n 54 hidden relu
n 55 hidden identity
n 56 hidden sine
n 57 hidden relu
n 58 hidden tanh
n 59 hidden sigmoid
n 60 hidden sigmoid
n 61 hidden gaussian
n 62 hidden tanh
n 63 hidden tanh
n 64 hidden sigmoid
n 65 hidden gaussian
n 66 hidden gaussian
n 67 hidden tanh
n 68 hidden tanh
n 69 hidden tanh
n 70 hidden relu
n 71 hidden relu
n 72 hidden relu
n 73 hidden identity
n 74 hidden gaussian
n 75 hidden relu
n 76 hidden tanh
n 77 hidden relu
n 78 hidden sigmoid
n 79 hidden identity
n 80 hidden relu
n 81 hidden relu
n 82 hidden tanh
n 83 hidden sigmoid
n 84 hidden tanh
n 85 hidden tanh
n 86 hidden tanh
n 87 hidden sine
n 88 hidden sigmoid
n 89 hidden tanh
n 90 hidden gaussian
n 91 hidden sigmoid
n 92 hidden tanh
n 93 hidden sigmoid
n 94 hidden tanh
n 95 hidden tanh
n 96 hidden tanh
n 97 hidden relu
n 98 hidden sine
n 99 hidden gaussian
n 100 hidden identity
n 101 hidden gaussian
n 102 hidden tanh
n 103 hidden relu
n 104 hidden sigmoid
n 105 hidden identity
n 106 hidden relu
n 107 hidden relu
n 108 hidden tanh
n 109 hidden sigmoid
n 110 hidden tanh
n 111 hidden tanh
n 112 hidden tanh
n 113 hidden sine
n 114 hidden sigmoid
n 115 hidden gaussian
n 116 hidden gaussian
n 117 hidden gaussian
n 118 hidden relu
n 119 hidden sine
n 120 hidden gaussian
n 121 hidden identity
n 122 hidden sine
n 123 hidden identity
n 124 hidden sine
n 125 hidden sigmoid
n 126 hidden gaussian
n 127 hidden sigmoid
n 128 hidden identity
n 129 hidden sigmoid
n 130 hidden relu
n 131 hidden gaussian
n 132 hidden sigmoid
n 133 hidden gaussian
n 134 hidden tanh
n 135 hidden sigmoid
n 136 hidden sigmoid
n 137 hidden relu
n 138 hidden tanh
n 139 hidden sigmoid
n 140 hidden sine
n 141 hidden identity
n 142 hidden tanh
n 143 hidden identity
n 144 hidden tanh
n 145 hidden gaussian
n 146 hidden relu
n 147 hidden identity
n 148 hidden sine
n 149 hidden relu
n 150 hidden tanh
n 151 hidden sigmoid
n 152 hidden sigmoid
n 153 hidden gaussian
n 154 hidden tanh
n 155 hidden tanh
n 156 hidden sigmoid
n 157 hidden gaussian
n 158 hidden identity
n 159 hidden identity
n 160 hidden identity
n 161 hidden sine
n 162 hidden sine
n 163 hidden sigmoid
n 164 hidden relu
n 165 hidden tanh
n 166 hidden sigmoid
n 167 hidden tanh
n 168 hidden relu
n 169 hidden tanh
n 170 hidden sigmoid
n 171 hidden tanh
n 172 hidden identity
n 173 hidden tanh
n 174 hidden gaussian
n 175 hidden relu
n 176 hidden identity
n 177 hidden sine
n 178 hidden relu
n 179 hidden tanh
n 180 hidden sigmoid
n 181 hidden sigmoid
n 182 hidden gaussian
n 183 hidden tanh
n 184 hidden tanh
n 185 hidden sigmoid
n 186 hidden gaussian
n 187 hidden gaussian
n 188 hidden tanh
n 189 hidden tanh
n 190 hidden tanh
n 191 hidden relu
n 192 hidden relu
n 193 hidden relu
n 194 hidden identity
n 195 hidden gaussian
n 196 hidden relu
n 197 hidden tanh
n 198 hidden relu
n 199 hidden sigmoid
n 200 hidden identity
n 201 hidden relu
n 202 hidden relu
n 203 hidden tanh
n 204 hidden sigmoid
n 205 hidden tanh
n 206 hidden tanh
n 207 hidden tanh
n 208 hidden sine
n 209 hidden sigmoid
n 210 hidden tanh
n 211 hidden gaussian
n 212 hidden sigmoid
n 213 hidden tanh
n 214 hidden sigmoid
n 215 hidden tanh
n 216 hidden tanh
n 217 hidden tanh
n 218 hidden relu
n 219 hidden sine
n 220 hidden gaussian
n 221 hidden identity
n 222 hidden gaussian
n 223 hidden tanh
n 224 hidden relu
n 225 hidden sigmoid
n 226 hidden identity
n 227 hidden relu
n 228 hidden relu
n 229 hidden tanh
n 230 hidden sigmoid
n 231 hidden tanh
n 232 hidden tanh
n 233 hidden tanh
n 234 hidden sine
n 235 hidden sigmoid
n 236 hidden gaussian
n 237 hidden gaussian
n 238 hidden gaussian
n 239 hidden relu
n 240 hidden sine
n 241 hidden gaussian
n 242 hidden identity
n 243 hidden sine
n 244 hidden identity
n 245 hidden sine
n 246 hidden sigmoid
n 247 hidden gaussian
n 248 hidden sigmoid
n 249 hidden sigmoid
n 250 hidden sine
n 251 hidden gaussian
n 252 hidden relu
n 253 hidden sigmoid
n 254 hidden sine
n 255 hidden tanh
n 256 hidden sigmoid
n 257 hidden sigmoid
n 258 hidden gaussian
n 259 hidden tanh
n 260 hidden tanh
n 261 hidden relu
n 262 hidden tanh
n 263 hidden sine
n 264 hidden sigmoid
n 265 hidden identity
n 266 hidden sine
n 267 hidden relu
n 268 hidden tanh
n 269 hidden sigmoid
n 270 hidden sigmoid
n 271 hidden gaussian
n 272 hidden tanh
n 273 hidden tanh
n 274 hidden sigmoid
n 275 hidden gaussian
n 276 hidden gaussian
n 277 hidden identity
n 278 hidden sine
n 279 hidden relu
n 280 hidden tanh
n 281 hidden sigmoid
n 282 hidden sigmoid
n 283 hidden gaussian
n 284 hidden tanh
n 285 hidden tanh
n 286 hidden sigmoid
n 287 hidden gaussian
n 288 hidden gaussian
n 289 hidden tanh
n 290 hidden relu
n 291 hidden sigmoid
n 292 hidden identity
e 0 7 -0.156372
e 1 7 -0.215272
e 2 7 -0.687964
e 3 7 2.758032
e 7 4 0.011693
e 7 5 0.021714
e 7 6 0.010919
e 0 8 -1.583607
e 1 8 -2.411992
e 2 17 1.897933
e 3 8 0.266783
e 8 4 0.406331
e 8 5 0.518470
e 8 6 0.726533
e 0 9 -41.652408
e 1 9 -52.056120
e 2 9 -32.227046
e 3 9 -5.680477
e 9 4 0.580591
e 9 5 0.459564
e 9 6 0.767579
e 0 10 -1.821436
e 1 10 1.220096
e 2 10 2.303500
e 3 10 0.856240
e 10 4 -0.318969
e 10 5 -0.345399
e 10 37 -0.329394
e 0 11 1.340956
e 1 11 -0.023264
e 2 11 0.579252
e 3 11 0.150906
e 11 4 -0.549156
e 11 5 -0.341064
e 11 6 -0.517342
e 0 12 -0.565874
e 1 12 -0.004356
e 2 16 1.971763
e 3 12 1.278115
e 12 4 -0.261086
e 12 5 -0.224304
e 12 6 -0.303299
e 0 13 0.050915
e 1 13 0.301865
e 2 13 -0.692632
e 3 13 1.819689
e 13 4 0.227488
e 13 5 0.257700
e 13 6 0.160095
e 0 14 1.431430
e 1 15 -3.872764
e 2 14 -2.626139
e 3 14 -0.154507
e 14 4 0.069422
e 14 5 0.007869
e 14 6 0.030602
e 15 14 1.338888
e 16 12 -0.928528
e 17 8 -0.315302
e 15 11 -1.830141
e 0 18 0.173087
e 1 18 0.801978
e 2 18 -1.624789
e 3 18 0.406604
e 18 4 0.017445
e 18 5 0.053473
e 18 6 0.000243
e 0 19 0.650081
e 1 19 0.060177
e 2 19 1.638408
e 3 19 0.738455
e 19 4 0.049522
e 19 5 0.022558
e 19 6 0.031136
e 0 20 -0.166433
e 1 20 -0.212164
e 2 20 -0.623703
e 3 20 2.652515
e 20 4 0.011467
e 20 5 0.018261
e 20 6 0.010711
e 0 21 0.461351
e 1 21 1.039080
e 2 21 -0.428061
e 3 21 1.502216
e 21 4 0.002894
e 21 5 0.060440
e 21 6 0.089872
e 0 22 0.138795
e 1 22 0.178547
e 2 22 0.474895
e 3 22 -2.127264
e 22 4 -0.009653
e 22 5 -0.013513
e 22 6 -0.008962
e 0 23 -0.607546
e 1 23 0.114646
e 2 23 0.138299
e 3 23 -1.701676
e 23 4 -0.623656
e 23 5 -0.631259
e 23 6 -0.630536
e 0 24 1.196555
e 1 24 1.105339
e 2 24 -0.146526
e 3 24 -0.441890
e 24 4 0.673581
e 24 5 -0.091854
e 24 6 -0.802931
e 0 25 -19.715193
e 1 25 -18.476396
e 2 25 -14.870792
e 3 25 -4.804722
e 25 4 0.024679
e 25 5 0.094997
e 25 6 0.209429
e 0 26 0.182746
e 1 26 0.172566
e 2 36 0.893388
e 3 26 -1.288079
e 26 4 -0.009953
e 26 5 0.008164
e 26 6 -0.008204
e 0 27 4.310075
e 1 27 0.708348
e 2 27 4.126613
e 3 27 0.542261
e 27 4 -0.002544
e 27 5 -0.015312
e 27 6 -0.020778
e 0 28 -17.338450
e 1 28 -23.574207
e 2 28 -14.529279
e 3 28 -7.215335
e 28 4 0.204534
e 28 5 0.220296
e 28 6 0.091323
e 0 29 -0.445908
e 1 29 0.410964
e 2 29 -0.777619
e 3 29 2.828640
e 29 4 0.170768
e 29 5 0.185387
e 29 6 0.107130
e 0 30 -0.600876
e 1 30 0.668327
e 2 30 2.712276
e 3 34 -0.439822
e 30 4 -0.669484
e 30 5 0.331914
e 30 6 -0.235663
e 0 31 0.138091
e 1 31 0.555668
e 2 31 0.978056
e 3 31 0.849603
e 31 35 -0.423985
e 31 5 -0.794464
e 31 6 -0.377756
e 0 32 1.582335
e 1 32 1.403461
e 2 32 -0.496198
e 3 32 -0.302453
e 32 4 -0.652318
e 32 5 -0.652566
e 32 6 -0.307360
e 0 33 0.322838
e 1 33 -0.039134
e 2 33 1.313779
e 3 33 -4.043078
e 33 4 0.012317
e 33 5 0.056930
e 33 6 0.009551
e 34 30 0.546460
e 35 4 0.110560
e 36 26 -0.227437
e 33 23 1.672136
e 37 6 0.192555
e 0 38 0.256031
e 1 38 0.312078
e 2 38 0.755851
e 3 38 -3.616478
e 38 4 -0.016809
e 38 5 -0.019610
e 38 6 -0.015595
e 0 39 0.037721
e 1 39 0.075178
e 2 39 0.348000
e 3 42 2.706234
e 39 4 -0.004163
e 39 5 -0.013190
e 39 6 -0.003916
e 0 40 0.897039
e 1 40 1.465099
e 2 40 -1.795762
e 3 40 -1.210852
e 40 4 0.027333
e 40 5 -0.016773
e 40 6 -0.011494
e 0 41 1.780570
e 1 41 -0.235462
e 2 41 2.269695
e 3 41 -1.140051
e 41 4 -0.066953
e 41 5 -0.030111
e 41 6 -0.036733
e 42 39 -1.120112
e 0 43 -168.001241
e 1 43 -34.111705
e 2 43 -41.772820
e 3 43 -7.534586
e 43 4 0.889051
e 43 5 0.337734
e 43 6 0.847236
e 0 44 -0.189632
e 1 44 -0.179251
e 2 44 1.062467
e 3 116 -4.315914
e 44 4 0.051888
e 44 5 -0.000948
e 44 6 0.082979
e 0 45 3.291123
e 1 45 2.401250
e 2 45 -0.265147
e 3 45 0.925156
e 45 4 -1.748862
e 45 5 -1.211700
e 45 6 0.002984
e 0 46 2.287609
e 1 46 -0.049939
e 2 46 -0.081913
e 3 46 0.957072
e 46 4 0.443975
e 46 5 0.591615
e 46 6 -1.064693
e 0 47 -176.936449
e 1 47 -32.125777
e 2 47 -41.974415
e 3 47 -7.274271
e 47 4 0.928326
e 47 5 0.371447
e 47 6 0.901898
e 0 48 0.024982
e 1 48 0.034279
e 2 48 1.224577
e 3 48 -4.320360
e 48 4 -0.207631
e 48 5 -0.141820
e 48 6 -0.179943
e 0 49 3.406542
e 1 49 2.389729
e 2 49 -0.230297
e 3 49 0.923526
e 49 4 -1.715970
e 49 5 -1.180140
e 49 6 0.056915
e 0 50 2.479415
e 1 50 -0.020486
e 2 50 -0.128220
e 3 50 0.970503
e 50 4 0.479028
e 50 5 0.620687
e 50 6 -1.006358
e 0 51 0.122184
e 1 51 0.172592
e 2 51 0.520322
e 3 51 -2.137147
e 51 4 -0.009387
e 51 5 -0.016446
e 51 6 -0.008721
e 0 117 -0.553314
e 1 52 0.074737
e 2 52 0.086410
e 3 52 -1.786544
e 52 4 -0.765305
e 52 5 -0.752222
e 52 6 -0.605951
e 0 53 1.188421
e 1 53 1.115768
e 2 53 -0.141535
e 3 53 -0.441406
e 53 4 0.717595
e 53 5 -0.034879
e 53 6 -0.766695
e 0 54 -18.547905
e 1 54 -16.824606
e 2 54 -14.075400
e 3 54 -4.496419
e 54 4 0.014773
e 54 5 -0.041679
e 54 6 0.218334
e 0 55 0.182224
e 1 55 0.170415
e 2 65 0.887342
e 3 55 -1.278820
e 55 4 -0.009850
e 55 5 0.008277
e 55 6 -0.008143
e 0 56 4.105315
e 1 56 0.718616
e 2 56 4.183715
e 3 56 0.547464
e 56 4 0.031424
e 56 5 -0.007178
e 56 6 -0.015906
e 0 57 -5.731648
e 1 57 -10.107838
e 2 57 -6.615682
e 3 57 -3.890620
e 57 4 0.194628
e 57 5 0.083620
e 57 6 0.100228
e 0 58 -0.148320
e 1 58 -0.264795
e 2 58 -0.377199
e 3 58 2.866834
e 58 4 -0.096833
e 58 66 1.163015
e 58 6 -0.032020
e 0 59 -0.604057
e 1 59 0.671226
e 2 59 2.717966
e 3 63 -0.439774
e 59 4 -0.681425
e 59 5 0.192887
e 59 6 -0.235440
e 0 60 0.133289
e 1 60 0.564398
e 2 60 0.985491
e 3 60 0.851563
e 60 64 -0.421058
e 60 5 -0.931140
e 60 6 -0.368851
e 0 61 1.475586
e 1 61 1.565075
e 2 61 -0.479554
e 3 61 -0.299312
e 61 4 -0.602622
e 61 5 -0.652048
e 61 6 -0.372768
e 0 62 0.047878
e 1 62 -0.026040
e 2 62 1.296659
e 3 62 -4.046990
e 62 4 0.060877
e 62 5 0.015109
e 62 6 0.090987
e 63 59 0.545466
e 64 4 0.111105
e 65 55 -0.216538
e 62 52 1.825735
e 66 5 0.658029
e 54 42 0.618686
e 0 67 -1.081470
e 1 67 0.993136
e 2 71 -0.887758
e 3 67 0.949035
e 67 4 0.047349
e 67 5 0.048621
e 67 6 0.110001
e 0 68 -0.405513
e 1 68 -0.197255
e 2 68 0.558012
e 3 68 -0.039339
e 68 4 -0.048190
e 68 5 -0.071181
e 68 6 -0.043943
e 0 69 -1.426875
e 1 69 -0.566420
e 2 69 -1.591712
e 3 69 0.352972
e 69 4 0.251332
e 69 5 0.160430
e 69 6 0.094415
e 0 70 -18.535045
e 1 70 -18.297090
e 2 70 -8.641252
e 3 70 -9.312165
e 70 4 -0.009761
e 70 5 0.045270
e 70 6 -0.092145
e 71 67 -0.187112
e 0 72 -18.645204
e 1 72 -18.602977
e 2 72 -9.825883
e 3 72 -7.982820
e 72 4 0.043394
e 72 5 0.096114
e 72 6 0.006635
e 0 73 0.003926
e 1 73 -0.005852
e 2 73 -0.310771
e 3 73 0.633272
e 73 4 0.000369
e 73 5 0.012703
e 73 6 0.000591
e 0 74 0.440801
e 1 74 0.429592
e 2 74 0.411741
e 3 74 -0.971779
e 74 4 1.428303
e 74 5 1.571017
e 74 6 0.814347
e 0 75 -48.043362
e 1 75 -47.533477
e 2 75 -32.720711
e 3 75 -9.072536
e 75 4 0.032990
e 75 5 0.140462
e 75 6 0.429087
e 0 76 -0.475885
e 1 76 0.665573
e 2 76 0.713715
e 3 76 -0.033236
e 76 4 0.357766
e 76 5 0.164633
e 76 6 0.451569
e 0 77 -19.475231
e 1 77 -20.997640
e 2 77 -11.485958
e 3 77 -8.732794
e 77 4 0.057191
e 77 5 0.083504
e 77 6 -0.070123
e 0 78 -0.175709
e 1 78 0.713927
e 2 78 0.877790
e 3 87 -1.772826
e 78 4 -0.726542
e 78 80 -2.521667
e 78 6 -0.167319
e 0 79 -0.188732
e 1 85 0.011395
e 2 79 -0.690696
e 3 79 0.717584
e 79 4 0.071113
e 79 5 0.078424
e 79 6 0.104576
e 80 5 -0.101315
e 0 81 -121.982475
e 1 81 -16.486023
e 2 81 -47.433495
e 3 81 -8.186848
e 81 4 0.886125
e 81 5 0.257510
e 81 6 0.611859
e 0 86 0.011811
e 1 82 0.017481
e 2 82 1.361994
e 3 82 -4.529060
e 82 4 -0.118680
e 82 5 -0.231352
e 82 6 -0.111564
e 0 83 2.619895
e 1 83 2.116013
e 2 83 -0.126809
e 3 83 0.921242
e 83 4 -1.757885
e 83 5 -1.293956
e 83 6 -0.230140
e 0 84 1.851502
e 1 84 -0.020647
e 2 84 -0.142048
e 3 84 1.053305
e 84 4 0.475323
e 84 5 0.550146
e 84 6 -1.064849
e 85 79 1.393765
e 86 82 0.280342
e 82 85 -1.534754
e 86 5 0.010079
e 87 78 -0.695868
e 0 88 -22.466803
e 1 88 -4.558452
e 2 88 -23.942289
e 3 88 -0.588489
e 88 4 0.295025
e 88 5 0.243040
e 88 6 0.213712
e 0 89 -2.834724
e 1 89 -0.281156
e 2 89 -4.462540
e 3 89 -0.345710
e 89 4 0.208815
e 89 5 -0.150470
e 89 6 0.034195
e 0 90 2.677684
e 1 90 0.889731
e 2 90 -1.590895
e 3 90 2.632064
e 90 4 -0.511340
e 90 5 -0.489569
e 90 6 -0.363768
e 0 292 -85.528431
e 1 91 -27.705493
e 2 91 -90.433627
e 3 91 -0.439834
e 91 4 1.243848
e 91 5 0.167538
e 91 6 0.751519
e 0 92 0.088654
e 1 96 -0.400944
e 2 92 -0.288416
e 3 92 1.018872
e 92 114 -0.861873
e 92 5 -0.816673
e 92 125 0.273514
e 0 93 -4.302210
e 1 93 1.602447
e 2 93 -4.261517
e 3 93 0.589070
e 93 4 0.180240
e 93 126 0.160301
e 93 6 0.208228
e 0 94 -7.460632
e 1 94 -1.502930
e 2 94 -5.218208
e 3 94 0.170865
e 94 4 1.239138
e 94 5 0.066084
e 94 6 -0.699031
e 0 95 -0.368753
e 1 95 1.123790
e 2 95 1.857969
e 3 95 -0.374135
e 95 4 1.092569
e 95 5 -0.595414
e 95 6 -0.316398
e 96 92 1.793859
e 0 97 -16.085455
e 1 97 -16.402894
e 2 97 -8.843477
e 3 97 -12.327571
e 97 4 0.167047
e 97 5 0.117192
e 97 6 0.087858
e 0 98 -1.232060
e 1 98 -0.527418
e 2 98 -1.107148
e 3 98 0.355126
e 98 4 -0.014230
e 98 5 -0.043498
e 98 6 0.002226
e 0 99 -0.323229
e 1 99 0.809128
e 2 99 0.653479
e 3 99 0.049610
e 99 4 1.113006
e 99 5 1.061405
e 99 6 0.161246
e 0 100 0.401354
e 1 115 -0.085736
e 2 100 1.137827
e 3 100 -3.662878
e 100 4 -0.007444
e 100 5 -0.012495
e 100 6 0.003901
e 101 6 0.194265
e 94 91 0.523384
e 0 102 -0.493784
e 1 102 0.840331
e 2 102 0.707720
e 3 102 -0.042315
e 102 4 0.565307
e 102 5 0.282788
e 102 6 0.497798
e 0 103 -19.459080
e 1 103 -21.618985
e 2 103 -11.855473
e 3 103 -8.800828
e 103 4 0.170082
e 103 5 0.087791
e 103 6 -0.065150
e 0 104 -0.173026
e 1 104 0.693217
e 2 104 0.879242
e 3 113 -1.772711
e 104 4 -0.613652
e 104 106 -2.552835
e 104 6 -0.162344
e 0 105 -0.219599
e 1 111 0.290459
e 2 105 -0.716020
e 3 105 0.496766
e 105 4 -0.027447
e 105 5 0.017940
e 105 6 -0.045867
e 106 5 -0.097028
e 0 107 -122.490236
e 1 107 -7.750527
e 2 127 -40.892262
e 3 107 -8.150999
e 107 4 0.343940
e 107 5 0.255820
e 107 6 0.027459
e 0 112 0.011631
e 1 108 0.036588
e 2 108 1.419679
e 3 108 -4.493086
e 108 4 0.127079
e 108 5 0.189963
e 108 6 0.193023
e 0 109 2.649704
e 1 109 2.049977
e 2 109 -0.102208
e 3 109 0.923793
e 109 249 -1.605693
e 109 5 -1.289739
e 109 6 -0.225093
e 0 110 1.817544
e 1 110 -0.034014
e 2 110 -0.129460
e 3 110 1.076679
e 110 4 0.591046
e 110 5 0.556981
e 110 6 -1.019746
e 111 105 1.706743
e 112 108 0.296959
e 108 111 -1.570442
e 112 5 -0.001102
e 113 104 -0.695561
e 114 4 -0.273989
e 115 100 -0.257584
e 116 44 0.975770
e 117 52 0.742173
e 71 37 -0.209918
e 0 118 -7.412607
e 1 118 -6.824348
e 2 118 -1.248914
e 3 118 -10.574662
e 118 4 -0.165682
e 118 123 -0.042596
e 118 124 0.348286
e 0 119 -1.010376
e 1 119 -0.692141
e 2 119 -0.974874
e 3 119 0.503680
e 119 4 0.014810
e 119 122 0.094610
e 119 6 -0.035208
e 0 120 -0.300481
e 1 120 1.210456
e 2 120 0.477992
e 3 120 -0.124787
e 120 4 1.263320
e 120 5 1.125682
e 120 6 0.767231
e 0 121 0.207285
e 1 121 0.284863
e 2 121 1.075564
e 3 121 -3.983035
e 121 4 -0.015479
e 121 5 -0.035175
e 121 6 -0.014618
e 3 5 0.110268
e 122 5 0.434976
e 123 5 0.213458
e 124 6 -0.012094
e 125 101 0.270873
e 71 96 -1.592432
e 126 5 0.567045
e 127 107 0.016936
e 33 11 0.253870
e 0 128 -0.156372
e 1 128 -0.215272
e 2 128 -0.687964
e 3 128 2.758032
e 128 4 0.011693
e 128 5 0.021714
e 128 6 0.010919
e 0 129 -1.583607
e 1 129 -2.411992
e 2 138 1.897933
e 3 129 0.266783
e 129 4 0.406331
e 129 5 0.518470
e 129 6 0.726533
e 0 130 -41.637750
e 1 130 -52.053981
e 2 130 -32.222849
e 3 130 -5.677873
e 130 4 0.580591
e 130 5 0.459564
e 130 6 0.767579
e 0 131 -1.821436
e 1 131 1.220096
e 2 131 2.303500
e 3 131 0.856240
e 131 4 -0.318969
e 131 5 -0.345399
e 131 158 -0.329394
e 0 132 1.340956
e 1 132 -0.023264
e 2 132 0.579252
e 3 132 0.150906
e 132 4 -0.549155
e 132 5 -0.341064
e 132 6 -0.517342
e 0 133 -0.565874
e 1 133 -0.004356
e 2 137 1.971763
e 3 133 1.278115
e 133 4 -0.261086
e 133 5 -0.224304
e 133 6 -0.303299
e 0 134 0.050915
e 1 134 0.301865
e 2 134 -0.692632
e 3 134 1.819689
e 134 4 0.227488
e 134 5 0.257700
e 134 6 0.160095
e 0 135 1.431430
e 1 136 -3.872764
e 2 135 -2.626139
e 3 135 -0.154507
e 135 4 0.069422
e 135 5 0.007869
e 135 6 0.030602
e 136 135 1.338888
e 137 133 -0.928528
e 138 129 -0.315302
e 136 132 -1.830141
e 0 139 0.173087
e 1 139 0.801978
e 2 139 -1.624789
e 3 139 0.406604
e 139 4 0.017445
e 139 5 0.053473
e 139 6 0.000243
e 0 140 0.650081
e 1 140 0.060177
e 2 140 1.638408
e 3 140 0.738455
e 140 4 0.049522
e 140 5 0.022558
e 140 6 0.031136
e 0 141 -0.166433
e 1 141 -0.212164
e 2 141 -0.623703
e 3 141 2.652515
e 141 4 0.011467
e 141 5 0.018261
e 141 6 0.010711
e 0 142 0.461275
e 1 142 1.038549
e 2 142 -0.428674
e 3 142 1.502109
e 142 4 0.002895
e 142 5 0.060440
e 142 6 0.089872
e 0 143 0.138795
e 1 143 0.178547
e 2 143 0.474895
e 3 143 -2.127264
e 143 4 -0.009653
e 143 5 -0.013513
e 143 6 -0.008962
e 0 144 -0.602783
e 1 144 0.118269
e 2 144 0.156635
e 3 144 -1.700929
e 144 4 -0.643450
e 144 5 -0.702276
e 144 6 -0.560465
e 0 145 1.196555
e 1 145 1.105339
e 2 145 -0.146526
e 3 145 -0.441890
e 145 4 0.673581
e 145 5 -0.091854
e 145 6 -0.802931
e 0 146 -19.715193
e 1 146 -18.476396
e 2 146 -14.870792
e 3 146 -4.804722
e 146 4 0.024679
e 146 5 0.094997
e 146 6 0.209429
e 0 147 0.182746
e 1 147 0.172566
e 2 157 0.893388
e 3 147 -1.288079
e 147 4 -0.009953
e 147 5 0.008164
e 147 6 -0.008204
e 0 148 4.310075
e 1 148 0.708348
e 2 148 4.126613
e 3 148 0.542261
e 148 4 -0.002544
e 148 5 -0.015312
e 148 6 -0.020778
e 0 149 -17.338450
e 1 149 -23.574207
e 2 149 -14.529279
e 3 149 -7.215335
e 149 4 0.204534
e 149 5 0.220296
e 149 6 0.091323
e 0 150 -0.445908
e 1 150 0.410964
e 2 150 -0.777619
e 3 150 2.828640
e 150 4 0.170768
e 150 5 0.185387
e 150 6 0.107130
e 0 151 -0.600876
e 1 151 0.668327
e 2 151 2.712276
e 3 155 -0.439822
e 151 4 -0.669484
e 151 5 0.331914
e 151 6 -0.235663
e 0 152 0.138091
e 1 152 0.555668
e 2 152 0.978056
e 3 152 0.849603
e 152 156 -0.423985
e 152 5 -0.794464
e 152 6 -0.377756
e 0 153 1.582335
e 1 153 1.403461
e 2 153 -0.496198
e 3 153 -0.302453
e 153 4 -0.652318
e 153 5 -0.652566
e 153 6 -0.307360
e 0 154 0.262085
e 1 154 -0.024599
e 2 154 1.279276
e 3 154 -4.062949
e 154 4 0.120073
e 154 5 0.130322
e 154 6 0.094138
e 155 151 0.546460
e 156 4 0.110560
e 157 147 -0.227437
e 154 144 1.678803
e 158 6 0.192555
e 0 159 0.256031
e 1 159 0.312078
e 2 159 0.755851
e 3 159 -3.616478
e 159 4 -0.016809
e 159 5 -0.019610
e 159 6 -0.015595
e 0 160 0.037721
e 1 160 0.075178
e 2 160 0.348000
e 3 163 2.706234
e 160 4 -0.004163
e 160 5 -0.013190
e 160 6 -0.003916
e 0 161 0.894864
e 1 161 1.466210
e 2 161 -1.797924
e 3 161 -1.211222
e 161 4 0.027444
e 161 5 -0.019661
e 161 6 -0.012445
e 0 162 1.780570
e 1 162 -0.235462
e 2 162 2.269695
e 3 162 -1.140051
e 162 4 -0.066953
e 162 5 -0.030111
e 162 6 -0.036733
e 163 160 -1.120112
e 0 164 -168.001241
e 1 164 -34.111705
e 2 164 -41.772820
e 3 164 -7.534586
e 164 4 0.889051
e 164 5 0.337734
e 164 6 0.847236
e 0 165 -0.189632
e 1 165 -0.179251
e 2 165 1.062467
e 3 237 -4.315914
e 165 4 0.051888
e 165 5 -0.000948
e 165 6 0.082979
e 0 166 3.291123
e 1 166 2.401250
e 2 166 -0.265147
e 3 166 0.925156
e 166 4 -1.748862
e 166 5 -1.211700
e 166 6 0.002984
e 0 167 2.287609
e 1 167 -0.049939
e 2 167 -0.081913
e 3 167 0.957072
e 167 4 0.443975
e 167 5 0.591615
e 167 6 -1.064693
e 0 168 -176.936449
e 1 168 -32.125777
e 2 168 -41.974415
e 3 168 -7.274271
e 168 4 0.928326
e 168 5 0.371447
e 168 6 0.901898
e 0 169 0.024982
e 1 169 0.034279
e 2 169 1.224577
e 3 169 -4.320360
e 169 4 -0.207631
e 169 5 -0.141820
e 169 6 -0.179943
e 0 170 3.410804
e 1 170 2.371346
e 2 170 -0.236325
e 3 170 0.921941
e 170 250 -1.397725
e 170 5 -1.180139
e 170 6 0.056915
e 0 171 2.479415
e 1 171 -0.020486
e 2 171 -0.128220
e 3 171 0.970503
e 171 4 0.479028
e 171 5 0.620687
e 171 6 -1.006358
e 0 172 0.122184
e 1 172 0.172592
e 2 172 0.520322
e 3 172 -2.137147
e 172 4 -0.009387
e 172 5 -0.016446
e 172 6 -0.008721
e 0 238 -0.555501
e 1 173 0.088425
e 2 173 0.084169
e 3 173 -1.785508
e 173 4 -0.848795
e 173 5 -0.842891
e 173 6 -0.706990
e 0 174 1.188421
e 1 174 1.115768
e 2 174 -0.141535
e 3 174 -0.441406
e 174 4 0.717595
e 174 5 -0.034879
e 174 6 -0.766695
e 0 175 -18.547905
e 1 175 -16.824606
e 2 175 -14.075400
e 3 175 -4.496419
e 175 4 0.014773
e 175 5 -0.041679
e 175 6 0.218334
e 0 176 0.182224
e 1 176 0.170415
e 2 186 0.887342
e 3 176 -1.278820
e 176 4 -0.009850
e 176 5 0.008277
e 176 6 -0.008143
e 0 177 4.105315
e 1 177 0.718616
e 2 177 4.183715
e 3 177 0.547464
e 177 4 0.031424
e 177 5 -0.007178
e 177 6 -0.015906
e 0 178 -15.824546
e 1 178 -21.858506
e 2 178 -13.814570
e 3 178 -6.926464
e 178 4 0.194628
e 178 5 0.083620
e 178 6 0.100228
e 0 179 -0.148320
e 1 179 -0.264795
e 2 179 -0.377199
e 3 179 2.866834
e 179 4 -0.096833
e 179 187 1.163015
e 179 6 -0.032020
e 0 180 -0.604057
e 1 180 0.671226
e 2 180 2.717966
e 3 184 -0.439774
e 180 4 -0.681425
e 180 5 0.192887
e 180 6 -0.235440
e 0 181 0.133289
e 1 181 0.564398
e 2 181 0.985491
e 3 181 0.851563
e 181 185 -0.421058
e 181 5 -0.931140
e 181 6 -0.368851
e 0 182 1.475586
e 1 182 1.565075
e 2 182 -0.479554
e 3 182 -0.299312
e 182 4 -0.602622
e 182 5 -0.652048
e 182 6 -0.372768
e 0 183 0.049164
e 1 183 -0.007306
e 2 183 1.271422
e 3 183 -4.048025
e 183 4 0.035656
e 183 5 0.007914
e 183 6 0.080676
e 184 180 0.545466
e 185 4 0.111105
e 186 176 -0.216538
e 183 173 1.827535
e 187 5 0.658029
e 175 163 0.618686
e 0 188 -1.102569
e 1 188 0.972194
e 2 192 -0.880644
e 3 188 0.947140
e 188 4 -0.041221
e 188 5 -0.032815
e 188 6 -0.086372
e 0 189 -0.405513
e 1 189 -0.197255
e 2 189 0.558012
e 3 189 -0.039339
e 189 4 -0.048190
e 189 5 -0.071181
e 189 6 -0.043943
e 0 190 -1.426875
e 1 190 -0.566420
e 2 190 -1.591712
e 3 190 0.352972
e 190 4 0.251332
e 190 5 0.160430
e 190 6 0.094415
e 0 191 -18.535045
e 1 191 -18.297090
e 2 191 -8.641252
e 3 191 -9.312165
e 191 4 -0.009761
e 191 5 0.045270
e 191 6 -0.092145
e 192 188 -0.189068
e 0 193 -18.645204
e 1 193 -18.602977
e 2 193 -9.825883
e 3 193 -7.982820
e 193 4 0.043394
e 193 5 0.096114
e 193 6 0.006635
e 0 194 0.003926
e 1 194 -0.005852
e 2 194 -0.310771
e 3 194 0.633272
e 194 4 0.000369
e 194 5 0.012703
e 194 6 0.000591
e 0 195 0.440801
e 1 195 0.429592
e 2 195 0.411741
e 3 195 -0.971779
e 195 4 1.428303
e 195 5 1.571017
e 195 6 0.814347
e 0 196 -48.043362
e 1 196 -47.533477
e 2 196 -32.720711
e 3 196 -9.072536
e 196 4 0.032990
e 196 5 0.140462
e 196 6 0.429087
e 0 197 -0.475885
e 1 197 0.665573
e 2 197 0.713715
e 3 197 -0.033236
e 197 4 0.357766
e 197 5 0.164633
e 197 6 0.451569
e 0 198 -19.475231
e 1 198 -20.997640
e 2 198 -11.485958
e 3 198 -8.732794
e 198 4 0.057191
e 198 5 0.083504
e 198 6 -0.070123
e 0 199 -0.175709
e 1 199 0.713927
e 2 199 0.877790
e 3 208 -1.772826
e 199 4 -0.726542
e 199 201 -2.521667
e 199 6 -0.167319
e 0 200 -0.188732
e 1 206 0.011395
e 2 200 -0.690696
e 3 200 0.717584
e 200 4 0.071113
e 200 5 0.078424
e 200 6 0.104576
e 201 5 -0.101315
e 0 202 -121.982475
e 1 202 -16.486023
e 2 202 -47.433495
e 3 202 -8.186848
e 202 4 0.886125
e 202 5 0.257510
e 202 6 0.611859
e 0 207 0.011811
e 1 203 0.017481
e 2 203 1.361994
e 3 203 -4.529060
e 203 4 -0.118680
e 203 5 -0.231352
e 203 6 -0.111564
e 0 204 2.619895
e 1 204 2.116012
e 2 204 -0.126961
e 3 204 0.921212
e 204 4 -1.757896
e 204 5 -1.294021
e 204 6 -0.230140
e 0 205 1.851502
e 1 205 -0.020647
e 2 205 -0.142048
e 3 205 1.053305
e 205 4 0.475323
e 205 5 0.550146
e 205 6 -1.064849
e 206 200 1.393765
e 207 203 0.280342
e 203 206 -1.534754
e 207 5 0.010079
e 208 199 -0.695868
e 0 209 -22.466803
e 1 209 -4.558452
e 2 209 -23.942289
e 3 209 -0.588489
e 209 4 0.295025
e 209 5 0.243040
e 209 6 0.213712
e 0 210 -2.834724
e 1 210 -0.281156
e 2 210 -4.462540
e 3 210 -0.345710
e 210 4 0.208815
e 210 5 -0.150470
e 210 6 0.034195
e 0 211 2.677684
e 1 211 0.889731
e 2 211 -1.590895
e 3 211 2.632064
e 211 4 -0.511340
e 211 5 -0.489569
e 211 6 -0.363768
e 0 212 -85.528431
e 1 212 -27.705493
e 2 212 -90.433627
e 3 212 -0.439834
e 212 4 1.243848
e 212 5 0.167538
e 212 6 0.751519
e 0 213 0.088654
e 1 217 -0.400944
e 2 213 -0.288416
e 3 213 1.018872
e 213 235 -0.861873
e 213 5 -0.816673
e 213 246 0.273514
e 0 214 -4.302210
e 1 214 1.602447
e 2 214 -4.261517
e 3 214 0.589070
e 214 4 0.180240
e 214 247 0.160301
e 214 6 0.208228
e 0 215 -7.460632
e 1 215 -1.502930
e 2 215 -5.218208
e 3 215 0.170865
e 215 4 1.239138
e 215 5 0.066084
e 215 6 -0.699031
e 0 216 -0.368753
e 1 216 1.123790
e 2 216 1.857969
e 3 216 -0.374135
e 216 4 1.092569
e 216 5 -0.595414
e 216 6 -0.316398
e 217 213 1.793859
e 0 218 -16.085455
e 1 218 -16.402894
e 2 218 -8.843477
e 3 218 -12.327571
e 218 4 0.167047
e 218 5 0.117192
e 218 6 0.087858
e 0 219 -1.232060
e 1 219 -0.527418
e 2 219 -1.107148
e 3 219 0.355126
e 219 4 -0.014230
e 219 5 -0.043498
e 219 6 0.002226
e 0 220 -0.323229
e 1 220 0.809128
e 2 220 0.653479
e 3 220 0.049610
e 220 4 1.113006
e 220 5 1.061405
e 220 6 0.161246
e 0 221 0.401354
e 1 236 -0.085736
e 2 221 1.137827
e 3 221 -3.662878
e 221 4 -0.007444
e 221 5 -0.012495
e 221 6 0.003901
e 222 6 0.194265
e 215 212 0.523384
e 0 223 -0.493784
e 1 223 0.840331
e 2 223 0.707720
e 3 223 -0.042315
e 223 4 0.565307
e 223 5 0.282788
e 223 6 0.497798
e 0 224 -19.459080
e 1 224 -21.618985
e 2 224 -11.855473
e 3 224 -8.800828
e 224 4 0.170082
e 224 5 0.087791
e 224 6 -0.065150
e 0 225 -0.173026
e 1 225 0.693217
e 2 225 0.879242
e 3 234 -1.772711
e 225 4 -0.613652
e 225 227 -2.552835
e 225 6 -0.162344
e 0 226 -0.219599
e 1 232 0.290459
e 2 226 -0.716020
e 3 226 0.496766
e 226 4 -0.027447
e 226 5 0.017940
e 226 6 -0.045867
e 227 5 -0.097028
e 0 228 -122.490236
e 1 228 -7.750527
e 2 248 -40.892262
e 3 228 -8.150999
e 228 4 0.343940
e 228 5 0.255820
e 228 6 0.027459
e 0 233 0.011631
e 1 229 0.036588
e 2 229 1.419679
e 3 229 -4.493086
e 229 4 0.127079
e 229 5 0.189963
e 229 6 0.193023
e 0 230 2.625032
e 1 230 2.044164
e 2 230 -0.111527
e 3 230 0.919352
e 230 4 -1.645021
e 230 5 -1.289737
e 230 6 -0.225093
e 0 231 1.817544
e 1 231 -0.034014
e 2 231 -0.129460
e 3 231 1.076679
e 231 4 0.591046
e 231 5 0.556981
e 231 6 -1.019746
e 232 226 1.706743
e 233 229 0.296959
e 229 232 -1.570442
e 233 5 -0.001102
e 234 225 -0.695561
e 235 4 -0.273989
e 236 221 -0.257584
e 237 165 0.975770
e 238 173 0.748468
e 192 158 -0.209918
e 0 239 -7.412607
e 1 239 -6.824348
e 2 239 -1.248914
e 3 239 -10.574662
e 239 4 -0.165682
e 239 244 -0.042596
e 239 245 0.348286
e 0 240 -1.010376
e 1 240 -0.692141
e 2 240 -0.974874
e 3 240 0.503680
e 240 4 0.014810
e 240 243 0.094610
e 240 6 -0.035208
e 0 241 -0.300481
e 1 241 1.210456
e 2 241 0.477992
e 3 241 -0.124787
e 241 4 1.263320
e 241 5 1.125682
e 241 6 0.767231
e 0 242 0.207285
e 1 242 0.284863
e 2 242 1.075564
e 3 242 -3.983035
e 242 4 -0.015479
e 242 5 -0.035175
e 242 6 -0.014618
e 3 5 0.110268
e 243 5 0.434976
e 244 5 0.213458
e 245 6 -0.012094
e 246 222 0.270873
e 192 217 -1.592432
e 247 5 0.567045
e 248 228 0.016936
e 154 132 0.251727
e 249 4 -0.806476
e 57 228 -2.579202
e 250 4 -1.344364
e 40 190 0.102867
e 142 188 0.637073
e 0 251 1.321288
e 1 261 0.493946
e 2 251 0.940780
e 3 251 -0.760543
e 251 264 0.192056
e 251 5 0.581976
e 251 6 -1.316822
e 0 252 -0.504708
e 1 252 -6.599689
e 2 252 -6.609722
e 3 252 -5.738587
e 252 4 0.048911
e 252 5 0.130863
e 252 6 0.052943
e 0 253 -0.138866
e 1 253 0.805355
e 2 253 -0.458768
e 3 253 1.731392
e 253 4 0.481677
e 253 5 0.333996
e 253 262 0.468482
e 0 255 3.828162
e 1 254 4.035561
e 2 254 2.566413
e 3 254 -1.429134
e 254 4 -0.014033
e 254 5 -0.081416
e 254 6 -0.066840
e 255 254 -1.472994
e 0 256 -0.512211
e 1 256 0.650509
e 2 256 2.692646
e 3 260 -0.444989
e 256 4 -0.033351
e 256 263 -0.006140
e 256 6 0.110616
e 0 257 0.439655
e 1 257 0.646828
e 2 257 0.937744
e 3 257 0.854715
e 257 4 0.248524
e 257 5 -0.749023
e 257 6 -0.135664
e 0 258 1.453123
e 1 258 1.559814
e 2 258 -0.503430
e 3 258 -0.303374
e 258 4 -0.457667
e 258 5 -0.698045
e 258 6 -0.512787
e 0 259 0.024473
e 1 259 0.034317
e 2 259 1.604439
e 3 259 -4.528939
e 259 4 -0.335313
e 259 5 -0.365112
e 259 6 -0.259557
e 260 256 0.528443
e 261 251 0.003811
e 3 4 -1.328852
e 262 6 0.734020
e 260 259 1.248465
e 263 5 -0.166163
e 260 6 0.921822
e 264 4 0.264489
e 258 262 -1.800052
e 0 265 0.276318
e 1 265 0.062110
e 2 275 0.827609
e 3 265 -1.300518
e 265 4 -0.002593
e 265 5 0.026312
e 265 6 -0.005553
e 0 266 4.227780
e 1 266 0.724646
e 2 266 4.151873
e 3 266 0.545165
e 266 291 -0.016410
e 266 5 -0.018056
e 266 6 -0.003423
e 0 267 -7.497701
e 1 267 -15.760715
e 2 267 -6.524712
e 3 267 -3.767106
e 267 4 0.347901
e 267 5 0.275965
e 267 6 0.139850
e 0 268 -0.088907
e 1 268 -0.085774
e 2 268 -0.933232
e 3 268 2.681168
e 268 4 0.042642
e 268 5 0.030125
e 268 6 0.000370
e 0 269 -0.535132
e 1 269 0.766752
e 2 269 2.699803
e 3 273 -0.439174
e 269 4 -0.607852
e 269 5 0.393284
e 269 6 -0.173337
e 0 270 0.208449
e 1 270 0.601791
e 2 270 0.872298
e 3 270 0.862691
e 270 274 -0.375738
e 270 5 -0.749449
e 270 6 -0.257463
e 0 271 1.465123
e 1 271 1.545106
e 2 271 -0.508230
e 3 271 -0.311941
e 271 4 -0.468220
e 271 5 -0.692689
e 271 6 -0.536838
e 0 272 0.023282
e 1 272 0.026395
e 2 272 1.234217
e 3 272 -4.334754
e 272 4 -0.090362
e 272 5 -0.141080
e 272 6 -0.253007
e 273 269 0.532815
e 274 276 0.127032
e 275 265 0.649538
e 276 4 -0.604289
e 0 277 0.207847
e 1 277 0.163771
e 2 287 0.818619
e 3 277 -1.433195
e 277 4 -0.009843
e 277 5 0.014318
e 277 6 -0.009433
e 0 278 4.417685
e 1 278 0.744751
e 2 278 4.125278
e 3 278 0.622560
e 278 289 -0.014045
e 278 5 0.000643
e 278 6 0.013411
e 0 279 -7.723959
e 1 290 1.817772
e 2 279 -6.747501
e 3 279 -3.890209
e 279 4 0.277498
e 279 5 0.196719
e 279 6 0.085557
e 0 280 -0.418834
e 1 280 0.106788
e 2 280 -0.582761
e 3 280 2.705467
e 280 4 0.091610
e 280 5 0.070501
e 280 6 0.092129
e 0 281 -0.533710
e 1 281 0.769204
e 2 281 2.693401
e 3 285 -0.439018
e 281 4 -0.682117
e 281 5 0.309650
e 281 6 -0.222099
e 0 282 0.211876
e 1 282 0.605682
e 2 282 0.861296
e 3 282 0.862871
e 282 286 -0.376157
e 282 5 -0.828696
e 282 6 -0.311756
e 0 283 1.469121
e 1 283 1.544075
e 2 283 -0.525612
e 3 283 -0.314686
e 283 4 -0.472317
e 283 5 -0.691394
e 283 6 -0.549636
e 0 284 0.023485
e 1 284 0.029485
e 2 284 1.281509
e 3 284 -4.502029
e 284 4 -0.234267
e 284 5 -0.272377
e 284 6 -0.257063
e 285 281 0.534369
e 286 288 0.002734
e 287 277 0.513311
e 288 4 -0.625858
e 289 4 0.478986
e 277 286 1.747323
e 290 279 -2.580134
e 1 285 -0.705925
e 291 4 0.857945
e 269 276 -1.029966
e 130 83 -0.780299
e 292 91 0.534343
