n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden identity
n 8 hidden gaussian
n 9 hidden relu
n 10 hidden sine
n 11 hidden gaussian
n 12 hidden gaussian
n 13 hidden sigmoid
n 14 hidden sine
n 15 hidden identity
n 16 hidden relu
n 17 hidden relu
n 18 hidden relu
n 19 hidden tanh
n 20 hidden sine
n 21 hidden sine
n 22 hidden relu
n 23 hidden sine
n 24 hidden gaussian
n 25 hidden identity
n 26 hidden tanh
n 27 hidden tanh
n 28 hidden relu
n 29 hidden relu
n 30 hidden relu
n 31 hidden relu
n 32 hidden gaussian
n 33 hidden gaussian
n 34 hidden sigmoid
n 35 hidden identity
n 36 hidden identity
n 37 hidden sigmoid
n 38 hidden relu
n 39 hidden sine
n 40 hidden gaussian
n 41 hidden sigmoid
n 42 hidden gaussian
n 43 hidden gaussian
n 44 hidden identity
n 45 hidden sine
n 46 hidden tanh
n 47 hidden relu
n 48 hidden relu
n 49 hidden relu
n 50 hidden relu
n 51 hidden sine
n 52 hidden gaussian
n 53 hidden gaussian
n 54 hidden gaussian
n 55 hidden relu
n 56 hidden sine
n 57 hidden gaussian
n 58 hidden identity
n 59 hidden sine
n 60 hidden identity
n 61 hidden sine
n 62 hidden relu
n 63 hidden tanh
n 64 hidden gaussian
n 65 hidden tanh
n 66 hidden sine
n 67 hidden identity
n 68 hidden sigmoid
n 69 hidden gaussian
n 70 hidden sine
n 71 hidden gaussian
n 72 hidden sigmoid
n 73 hidden sigmoid
n 74 hidden relu
n 75 hidden tanh
n 76 hidden gaussian
n 77 hidden relu
n 78 hidden relu
n 79 hidden tanh
n 80 hidden identity
n 81 hidden sigmoid
n 82 hidden sine
n 83 hidden identity
n 84 hidden tanh
n 85 hidden identity
n 86 hidden tanh
n 87 hidden gaussian
n 88 hidden relu
n 89 hidden identity
n 90 hidden sine
n 91 hidden relu
n 92 hidden tanh
n 93 hidden sigmoid
n 94 hidden sigmoid
n 95 hidden gaussian
n 96 hidden tanh
n 97 hidden tanh
n 98 hidden sigmoid
n 99 hidden gaussian
n 100 hidden tanh
n 101 hidden identity
n 102 hidden sigmoid
n 103 hidden sine
n 104 hidden relu
n 105 hidden identity
n 106 hidden tanh
e 0 7 NaN
e 1 7 NaN
e 2 7 NaN
e 3 7 NaN
e 7 4 NaN
e 7 5 NaN
e 7 6 NaN
e 0 8 NaN
e 1 8 NaN
e 2 8 NaN
e 3 8 NaN
e 8 4 NaN
e 8 5 NaN
e 8 6 NaN
e 0 9 NaN
e 1 9 NaN
e 2 9 NaN
e 3 9 NaN
e 9 11 NaN
e 9 16 NaN
e 9 6 NaN
e 0 10 NaN
e 1 10 NaN
e 2 10 NaN
e 3 10 NaN
e 10 4 NaN
e 10 5 NaN
e 10 6 NaN
e 11 4 NaN
e 0 12 NaN
e 1 12 NaN
e 2 12 NaN
e 3 12 NaN
e 12 4 NaN
e 12 5 NaN
e 12 6 NaN
e 0 13 NaN
e 1 13 NaN
e 2 13 NaN
e 3 13 NaN
e 13 4 NaN
e 13 5 NaN
e 13 6 NaN
e 0 14 NaN
e 1 14 NaN
e 2 14 NaN
e 3 14 NaN
e 14 4 NaN
e 14 5 NaN
e 14 6 NaN
e 0 15 NaN
e 1 15 NaN
e 2 15 NaN
e 3 53 NaN
e 15 4 NaN
e 15 5 NaN
e 15 6 NaN
e 16 5 NaN
e 11 7 NaN
e 14 12 NaN
e 0 17 NaN
e 1 17 NaN
e 2 17 NaN
e 3 17 NaN
e 17 4 NaN
e 17 21 NaN
e 17 6 NaN
e 0 18 NaN
e 1 18 NaN
e 2 18 NaN
e 3 18 NaN
e 18 4 NaN
e 18 5 NaN
e 18 6 NaN
e 0 26 NaN
e 1 19 NaN
e 2 19 NaN
e 3 19 NaN
e 19 4 NaN
e 19 5 NaN
e 19 6 NaN
e 0 20 NaN
e 1 20 NaN
e 2 20 NaN
e 3 20 NaN
e 20 4 NaN
e 20 5 NaN
e 20 6 NaN
e 21 27 NaN
e 0 22 NaN
e 1 22 NaN
e 2 22 NaN
e 3 22 NaN
e 22 4 NaN
e 22 5 NaN
e 22 6 NaN
e 0 23 NaN
e 1 23 NaN
e 2 23 NaN
e 3 23 NaN
e 23 4 NaN
e 23 5 NaN
e 23 6 NaN
e 0 24 NaN
e 1 24 NaN
e 2 24 NaN
e 3 24 NaN
e 24 4 NaN
e 24 5 NaN
e 24 6 NaN
e 0 25 NaN
e 1 25 NaN
e 2 25 NaN
e 3 25 NaN
e 25 4 NaN
e 25 5 NaN
e 25 6 NaN
e 3 4 NaN
e 26 19 NaN
e 27 5 NaN
e 0 28 NaN
e 1 28 NaN
e 2 28 NaN
e 3 28 NaN
e 28 4 NaN
e 28 5 NaN
e 28 6 NaN
e 0 29 NaN
e 1 29 NaN
e 2 29 NaN
e 3 29 NaN
e 29 4 NaN
e 29 5 NaN
e 29 6 NaN
e 0 30 NaN
e 1 30 NaN
e 2 30 NaN
e 3 30 NaN
e 30 4 NaN
e 30 5 NaN
e 30 6 NaN
e 0 31 NaN
e 1 31 NaN
e 2 31 NaN
e 3 31 NaN
e 31 4 NaN
e 31 5 NaN
e 31 6 NaN
e 31 28 NaN
e 0 32 NaN
e 1 32 NaN
e 2 32 NaN
e 3 32 NaN
e 32 4 NaN
e 32 5 NaN
e 32 6 NaN
e 0 52 NaN
e 1 33 NaN
e 2 33 NaN
e 3 33 NaN
e 33 4 NaN
e 33 5 NaN
e 33 6 NaN
e 0 34 NaN
e 1 34 NaN
e 2 34 NaN
e 3 34 NaN
e 34 4 NaN
e 34 5 NaN
e 34 36 NaN
e 0 35 NaN
e 1 35 NaN
e 2 35 NaN
e 3 35 NaN
e 35 4 NaN
e 35 5 NaN
e 35 6 NaN
e 36 6 NaN
e 0 54 NaN
e 1 63 NaN
e 2 37 NaN
e 3 37 NaN
e 37 4 NaN
e 37 5 NaN
e 37 41 NaN
e 0 38 NaN
e 1 38 NaN
e 2 38 NaN
e 3 51 NaN
e 38 46 NaN
e 38 5 NaN
e 38 6 NaN
e 0 39 NaN
e 1 39 NaN
e 2 39 NaN
e 3 39 NaN
e 39 4 NaN
e 39 5 NaN
e 39 6 NaN
e 0 40 NaN
e 1 40 NaN
e 2 40 NaN
e 3 40 NaN
e 40 4 NaN
e 40 5 NaN
e 40 6 NaN
e 41 6 NaN
e 0 42 NaN
e 1 42 NaN
e 2 42 NaN
e 3 42 NaN
e 42 4 NaN
e 42 5 NaN
e 42 6 NaN
e 0 43 NaN
e 1 43 NaN
e 2 43 NaN
e 3 43 NaN
e 43 4 NaN
e 43 5 NaN
e 43 6 NaN
e 0 44 NaN
e 1 44 NaN
e 2 44 NaN
e 3 44 NaN
e 44 4 NaN
e 44 5 NaN
e 44 6 NaN
e 0 45 NaN
e 1 45 NaN
e 2 45 NaN
e 3 45 NaN
e 45 4 NaN
e 45 5 NaN
e 45 6 NaN
e 46 4 NaN
e 0 47 NaN
e 1 47 NaN
e 2 47 NaN
e 3 47 NaN
e 47 4 NaN
e 47 5 NaN
e 47 6 NaN
e 0 48 NaN
e 1 48 NaN
e 2 48 NaN
e 3 48 NaN
e 48 4 NaN
e 48 5 NaN
e 48 6 NaN
e 0 49 NaN
e 1 49 NaN
e 2 49 NaN
e 3 49 NaN
e 49 4 NaN
e 49 5 NaN
e 49 6 NaN
e 0 50 NaN
e 1 50 NaN
e 2 50 NaN
e 3 50 NaN
e 50 4 NaN
e 50 5 NaN
e 50 6 NaN
e 50 47 NaN
e 42 47 NaN
e 35 38 NaN
e 51 38 NaN
e 52 33 NaN
e 22 41 NaN
e 53 15 NaN
e 54 37 NaN
e 43 31 NaN
e 38 17 NaN
e 0 55 NaN
e 1 55 NaN
e 2 55 NaN
e 3 55 NaN
e 55 4 NaN
e 55 60 NaN
e 55 61 NaN
e 0 56 NaN
e 1 56 NaN
e 2 62 NaN
e 3 56 NaN
e 56 4 NaN
e 56 59 NaN
e 56 6 NaN
e 0 57 NaN
e 1 57 NaN
e 2 57 NaN
e 3 57 NaN
e 57 4 NaN
e 57 5 NaN
e 57 6 NaN
e 0 58 NaN
e 1 58 NaN
e 2 58 NaN
e 3 58 NaN
e 58 4 NaN
e 58 5 NaN
e 58 6 NaN
e 3 5 NaN
e 59 5 NaN
e 60 5 NaN
e 61 6 NaN
e 62 56 NaN
e 63 37 NaN
e 0 64 NaN
e 1 64 NaN
e 2 64 NaN
e 3 64 NaN
e 64 4 NaN
e 64 68 NaN
e 64 6 NaN
e 0 65 NaN
e 1 106 NaN
e 2 72 NaN
e 3 70 NaN
e 65 4 NaN
e 65 5 NaN
e 65 6 NaN
e 0 71 NaN
e 1 66 NaN
e 2 66 NaN
e 3 66 NaN
e 66 4 NaN
e 66 5 NaN
e 66 6 NaN
e 0 69 NaN
e 1 67 NaN
e 2 67 NaN
e 3 67 NaN
e 67 4 NaN
e 67 5 NaN
e 67 74 NaN
e 68 5 NaN
e 0 4 NaN
e 69 67 NaN
e 70 65 NaN
e 71 73 NaN
e 72 65 NaN
e 73 66 NaN
e 0 68 NaN
e 74 6 NaN
e 0 75 NaN
e 1 75 NaN
e 2 79 NaN
e 3 75 NaN
e 75 4 NaN
e 75 5 NaN
e 75 6 NaN
e 0 76 NaN
e 1 76 NaN
e 2 76 NaN
e 3 76 NaN
e 76 4 NaN
e 76 5 NaN
e 76 6 NaN
e 0 77 NaN
e 1 77 NaN
e 2 102 NaN
e 3 77 NaN
e 77 4 NaN
e 77 5 NaN
e 77 6 NaN
e 0 78 NaN
e 1 78 NaN
e 2 78 NaN
e 3 80 NaN
e 78 4 NaN
e 78 5 NaN
e 78 6 NaN
e 79 75 NaN
e 79 5 NaN
e 80 78 NaN
e 0 81 NaN
e 1 81 NaN
e 2 81 NaN
e 3 81 NaN
e 81 4 NaN
e 81 5 NaN
e 81 6 NaN
e 0 82 NaN
e 1 82 NaN
e 2 82 NaN
e 3 82 NaN
e 82 4 NaN
e 82 5 NaN
e 82 6 NaN
e 0 83 NaN
e 1 83 NaN
e 2 83 NaN
e 3 83 NaN
e 83 4 NaN
e 83 5 NaN
e 83 6 NaN
e 0 84 NaN
e 1 84 NaN
e 2 84 NaN
e 3 84 NaN
e 84 4 NaN
e 84 5 NaN
e 84 6 NaN
e 0 85 NaN
e 1 85 NaN
e 2 85 NaN
e 3 85 NaN
e 85 4 NaN
e 85 5 NaN
e 85 6 NaN
e 0 86 NaN
e 1 86 NaN
e 2 86 NaN
e 3 86 NaN
e 86 4 NaN
e 86 5 NaN
e 86 105 NaN
e 0 87 NaN
e 1 87 NaN
e 2 103 NaN
e 3 100 NaN
e 87 4 NaN
e 87 5 NaN
e 87 6 NaN
e 0 88 NaN
e 1 88 NaN
e 2 88 NaN
e 3 88 NaN
e 88 4 NaN
e 88 5 NaN
e 88 6 NaN
e 0 89 NaN
e 1 89 NaN
e 2 99 NaN
e 3 89 NaN
e 89 4 NaN
e 89 5 NaN
e 89 6 NaN
e 0 90 NaN
e 1 90 NaN
e 2 90 NaN
e 3 90 NaN
e 90 4 NaN
e 90 5 NaN
e 90 6 NaN
e 0 91 NaN
e 1 91 NaN
e 2 91 NaN
e 3 91 NaN
e 91 4 NaN
e 91 5 NaN
e 91 6 NaN
e 0 92 NaN
e 1 92 NaN
e 2 92 NaN
e 3 92 NaN
e 92 4 NaN
e 92 5 NaN
e 92 6 NaN
e 0 93 NaN
e 1 93 NaN
e 2 93 NaN
e 3 97 NaN
e 93 4 NaN
e 93 5 NaN
e 93 6 NaN
e 0 94 NaN
e 1 94 NaN
e 2 94 NaN
e 3 94 NaN
e 94 101 NaN
e 94 5 NaN
e 94 6 NaN
e 0 95 NaN
e 1 95 NaN
e 2 95 NaN
e 3 95 NaN
e 95 104 NaN
e 95 5 NaN
e 95 6 NaN
e 0 96 NaN
e 1 96 NaN
e 2 96 NaN
e 3 96 NaN
e 96 4 NaN
e 96 5 NaN
e 96 6 NaN
e 97 93 NaN
e 98 4 NaN
e 99 89 NaN
e 96 86 NaN
e 100 87 NaN
e 101 98 NaN
e 93 85 NaN
e 102 77 NaN
e 3 5 NaN
e 103 87 NaN
e 78 88 NaN
e 104 4 NaN
e 86 95 NaN
e 105 6 NaN
e 88 89 NaN
e 106 65 NaN
e 65 19 -0.879548
