n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden tanh
n 8 hidden identity
n 9 hidden sigmoid
n 10 hidden tanh
n 11 hidden identity
n 12 hidden tanh
n 13 hidden tanh
n 14 hidden tanh
n 15 hidden relu
n 16 hidden relu
n 17 hidden relu
n 18 hidden identity
n 19 hidden gaussian
n 20 hidden relu
n 21 hidden relu
n 22 hidden gaussian
n 23 hidden sine
n 24 hidden tanh
n 25 hidden gaussian
n 26 hidden gaussian
n 27 hidden gaussian
n 28 hidden identity
n 29 hidden sigmoid
n 30 hidden relu
n 31 hidden gaussian
n 32 hidden sigmoid
n 33 hidden gaussian
n 34 hidden tanh
n 35 hidden sigmoid
n 36 hidden sigmoid
n 37 hidden relu
n 38 hidden tanh
n 39 hidden sigmoid
n 40 hidden sine
n 41 hidden identity
n 42 hidden tanh
n 43 hidden identity
n 44 hidden tanh
n 45 hidden gaussian
n 46 hidden relu
n 47 hidden identity
n 48 hidden sine
n 49 hidden relu
n 50 hidden tanh
n 51 hidden sigmoid
n 52 hidden sigmoid
n 53 hidden gaussian
n 54 hidden tanh
n 55 hidden tanh
n 56 hidden sigmoid
n 57 hidden gaussian
n 58 hidden identity
n 59 hidden identity
n 60 hidden identity
n 61 hidden sine
n 62 hidden sine
n 63 hidden sigmoid
n 64 hidden relu
n 65 hidden tanh
n 66 hidden sigmoid
n 67 hidden tanh
n 68 hidden relu
n 69 hidden tanh
n 70 hidden sigmoid
n 71 hidden tanh
n 72 hidden identity
n 73 hidden tanh
n 74 hidden gaussian
n 75 hidden relu
n 76 hidden identity
n 77 hidden sine
n 78 hidden relu
n 79 hidden tanh
n 80 hidden sigmoid
n 81 hidden sigmoid
n 82 hidden gaussian
n 83 hidden tanh
n 84 hidden tanh
n 85 hidden sigmoid
n 86 hidden gaussian
n 87 hidden gaussian
n 88 hidden tanh
n 89 hidden tanh
n 90 hidden tanh
n 91 hidden relu
n 92 hidden relu
n 93 hidden relu
n 94 hidden identity
n 95 hidden gaussian
n 96 hidden relu
n 97 hidden tanh
n 98 hidden relu
n 99 hidden sigmoid
n 100 hidden identity
n 101 hidden relu
n 102 hidden relu
n 103 hidden tanh
n 104 hidden sigmoid
n 105 hidden tanh
n 106 hidden tanh
n 107 hidden tanh
n 108 hidden sine
n 109 hidden sigmoid
n 110 hidden tanh
n 111 hidden gaussian
n 112 hidden sigmoid
n 113 hidden tanh
n 114 hidden sigmoid
n 115 hidden tanh
n 116 hidden tanh
n 117 hidden tanh
n 118 hidden relu
n 119 hidden sine
n 120 hidden gaussian
n 121 hidden identity
n 122 hidden gaussian
n 123 hidden tanh
n 124 hidden relu
n 125 hidden sigmoid
n 126 hidden identity
n 127 hidden relu
n 128 hidden relu
n 129 hidden tanh
n 130 hidden sigmoid
n 131 hidden tanh
n 132 hidden tanh
n 133 hidden tanh
n 134 hidden sine
n 135 hidden sigmoid
n 136 hidden gaussian
n 137 hidden gaussian
n 138 hidden gaussian
n 139 hidden relu
n 140 hidden sine
n 141 hidden gaussian
n 142 hidden identity
n 143 hidden sine
n 144 hidden identity
n 145 hidden sine
n 146 hidden sigmoid
n 147 hidden gaussian
n 148 hidden sigmoid
n 149 hidden sigmoid
n 150 hidden sine
n 151 hidden sine
n 152 hidden identity
n 153 hidden identity
n 154 hidden tanh
e 0 27 NaN
e 1 7 NaN
e 2 24 NaN
e 3 7 NaN
e 7 4 NaN
e 7 5 NaN
e 7 6 NaN
e 0 8 NaN
e 1 8 NaN
e 2 8 NaN
e 3 8 NaN
e 8 4 NaN
e 8 25 NaN
e 8 11 NaN
e 0 9 NaN
e 1 9 NaN
e 2 9 NaN
e 3 9 NaN
e 9 4 NaN
e 9 5 NaN
e 9 6 NaN
e 0 10 NaN
e 1 10 NaN
e 2 10 NaN
e 3 10 NaN
e 10 4 NaN
e 10 5 NaN
e 10 6 NaN
e 10 9 NaN
e 11 6 NaN
e 0 12 NaN
e 1 22 NaN
e 2 16 NaN
e 3 12 NaN
e 12 4 NaN
e 12 5 NaN
e 12 6 NaN
e 0 13 NaN
e 1 13 NaN
e 2 13 NaN
e 3 13 NaN
e 13 4 NaN
e 13 23 NaN
e 13 6 NaN
e 0 14 NaN
e 1 14 NaN
e 2 14 NaN
e 3 14 NaN
e 14 4 NaN
e 14 5 NaN
e 14 6 NaN
e 0 15 NaN
e 1 15 NaN
e 2 15 NaN
e 3 15 NaN
e 15 4 NaN
e 15 21 NaN
e 15 6 NaN
e 16 12 NaN
e 0 17 NaN
e 1 17 NaN
e 2 17 NaN
e 3 17 NaN
e 17 4 NaN
e 17 5 NaN
e 17 6 NaN
e 0 18 NaN
e 1 18 NaN
e 2 18 NaN
e 3 18 NaN
e 18 4 NaN
e 18 5 NaN
e 18 6 NaN
e 0 19 NaN
e 1 19 NaN
e 2 19 NaN
e 3 19 NaN
e 19 4 NaN
e 19 5 NaN
e 19 6 NaN
e 0 20 NaN
e 1 20 NaN
e 2 20 NaN
e 3 20 NaN
e 20 4 NaN
e 20 5 NaN
e 20 6 NaN
e 21 5 NaN
e 22 12 NaN
e 23 26 NaN
e 24 7 NaN
e 25 5 NaN
e 26 5 NaN
e 20 18 NaN
e 27 7 NaN
e 0 28 NaN
e 1 28 NaN
e 2 28 NaN
e 3 28 NaN
e 28 4 NaN
e 28 5 NaN
e 28 6 NaN
e 0 29 NaN
e 1 29 NaN
e 2 38 NaN
e 3 29 NaN
e 29 4 NaN
e 29 5 NaN
e 29 6 NaN
e 0 30 NaN
e 1 30 NaN
e 2 30 NaN
e 3 30 NaN
e 30 4 NaN
e 30 5 NaN
e 30 6 NaN
e 0 31 NaN
e 1 31 NaN
e 2 31 NaN
e 3 31 NaN
e 31 4 NaN
e 31 5 NaN
e 31 58 NaN
e 0 32 NaN
e 1 32 NaN
e 2 32 NaN
e 3 32 NaN
e 32 4 NaN
e 32 5 NaN
e 32 6 NaN
e 0 33 NaN
e 1 33 NaN
e 2 37 NaN
e 3 33 NaN
e 33 4 NaN
e 33 5 NaN
e 33 6 NaN
e 0 34 NaN
e 1 34 NaN
e 2 34 NaN
e 3 34 NaN
e 34 4 NaN
e 34 5 NaN
e 34 6 NaN
e 0 35 NaN
e 1 36 NaN
e 2 35 NaN
e 3 35 NaN
e 35 4 NaN
e 35 5 NaN
e 35 6 NaN
e 36 35 NaN
e 37 33 NaN
e 38 29 NaN
e 36 32 NaN
e 0 39 NaN
e 1 39 NaN
e 2 39 NaN
e 3 39 NaN
e 39 4 NaN
e 39 5 NaN
e 39 6 NaN
e 0 40 NaN
e 1 40 NaN
e 2 40 NaN
e 3 40 NaN
e 40 4 NaN
e 40 5 NaN
e 40 6 NaN
e 0 41 NaN
e 1 41 NaN
e 2 41 NaN
e 3 41 NaN
e 41 4 NaN
e 41 5 NaN
e 41 6 NaN
e 0 42 NaN
e 1 42 NaN
e 2 42 NaN
e 3 42 NaN
e 42 4 NaN
e 42 5 NaN
e 42 6 NaN
e 0 43 NaN
e 1 43 NaN
e 2 43 NaN
e 3 43 NaN
e 43 4 NaN
e 43 5 NaN
e 43 6 NaN
e 0 44 NaN
e 1 44 NaN
e 2 44 NaN
e 3 44 NaN
e 44 4 NaN
e 44 5 NaN
e 44 6 NaN
e 0 45 NaN
e 1 45 NaN
e 2 45 NaN
e 3 45 NaN
e 45 4 NaN
e 45 5 NaN
e 45 6 NaN
e 0 46 NaN
e 1 46 NaN
e 2 46 NaN
e 3 46 NaN
e 46 4 NaN
e 46 5 NaN
e 46 6 NaN
e 0 47 NaN
e 1 47 NaN
e 2 57 NaN
e 3 47 NaN
e 47 4 NaN
e 47 5 NaN
e 47 6 NaN
e 0 48 NaN
e 1 48 NaN
e 2 48 NaN
e 3 48 NaN
e 48 4 NaN
e 48 5 NaN
e 48 6 NaN
e 0 49 NaN
e 1 49 NaN
e 2 49 NaN
e 3 49 NaN
e 49 4 NaN
e 49 5 NaN
e 49 6 NaN
e 0 50 NaN
e 1 50 NaN
e 2 50 NaN
e 3 50 NaN
e 50 4 NaN
e 50 5 NaN
e 50 6 NaN
e 0 51 NaN
e 1 51 NaN
e 2 51 NaN
e 3 55 NaN
e 51 4 NaN
e 51 5 NaN
e 51 6 NaN
e 0 52 NaN
e 1 52 NaN
e 2 52 NaN
e 3 52 NaN
e 52 56 NaN
e 52 5 NaN
e 52 6 NaN
e 0 53 NaN
e 1 53 NaN
e 2 53 NaN
e 3 53 NaN
e 53 4 NaN
e 53 5 NaN
e 53 6 NaN
e 0 54 NaN
e 1 54 NaN
e 2 54 NaN
e 3 54 NaN
e 54 4 NaN
e 54 5 NaN
e 54 6 NaN
e 55 51 NaN
e 56 4 NaN
e 57 47 NaN
e 54 44 NaN
e 58 6 NaN
e 0 59 NaN
e 1 59 NaN
e 2 59 NaN
e 3 59 NaN
e 59 4 NaN
e 59 5 NaN
e 59 6 NaN
e 0 60 NaN
e 1 60 NaN
e 2 60 NaN
e 3 63 NaN
e 60 4 NaN
e 60 5 NaN
e 60 6 NaN
e 0 61 NaN
e 1 61 NaN
e 2 61 NaN
e 3 61 NaN
e 61 4 NaN
e 61 5 NaN
e 61 6 NaN
e 0 62 NaN
e 1 62 NaN
e 2 62 NaN
e 3 62 NaN
e 62 4 NaN
e 62 5 NaN
e 62 6 NaN
e 63 60 NaN
e 0 64 NaN
e 1 64 NaN
e 2 64 NaN
e 3 64 NaN
e 64 4 NaN
e 64 5 NaN
e 64 6 NaN
e 0 65 NaN
e 1 65 NaN
e 2 65 NaN
e 3 137 NaN
e 65 4 NaN
e 65 5 NaN
e 65 6 NaN
e 0 66 NaN
e 1 66 NaN
e 2 66 NaN
e 3 66 NaN
e 66 4 NaN
e 66 5 NaN
e 66 6 NaN
e 0 67 NaN
e 1 67 NaN
e 2 67 NaN
e 3 67 NaN
e 67 4 NaN
e 67 5 NaN
e 67 6 NaN
e 0 68 NaN
e 1 68 NaN
e 2 68 NaN
e 3 68 NaN
e 68 4 NaN
e 68 5 NaN
e 68 6 NaN
e 0 69 NaN
e 1 69 NaN
e 2 69 NaN
e 3 69 NaN
e 69 4 NaN
e 69 5 NaN
e 69 6 NaN
e 0 70 NaN
e 1 70 NaN
e 2 70 NaN
e 3 70 NaN
e 70 4 NaN
e 70 5 NaN
e 70 6 NaN
e 0 71 NaN
e 1 71 NaN
e 2 71 NaN
e 3 71 NaN
e 71 4 NaN
e 71 5 NaN
e 71 6 NaN
e 0 72 NaN
e 1 72 NaN
e 2 72 NaN
e 3 72 NaN
e 72 4 NaN
e 72 5 NaN
e 72 6 NaN
e 0 138 NaN
e 1 73 NaN
e 2 73 NaN
e 3 73 NaN
e 73 4 NaN
e 73 5 NaN
e 73 6 NaN
e 0 74 NaN
e 1 74 NaN
e 2 74 NaN
e 3 74 NaN
e 74 4 NaN
e 74 5 NaN
e 74 6 NaN
e 0 75 NaN
e 1 75 NaN
e 2 75 NaN
e 3 75 NaN
e 75 4 NaN
e 75 5 NaN
e 75 6 NaN
e 0 76 NaN
e 1 76 NaN
e 2 86 NaN
e 3 76 NaN
e 76 4 NaN
e 76 5 NaN
e 76 6 NaN
e 0 77 NaN
e 1 77 NaN
e 2 77 NaN
e 3 77 NaN
e 77 4 NaN
e 77 5 NaN
e 77 6 NaN
e 0 78 NaN
e 1 78 NaN
e 2 78 NaN
e 3 78 NaN
e 78 4 NaN
e 78 5 NaN
e 78 6 NaN
e 0 79 NaN
e 1 79 NaN
e 2 79 NaN
e 3 79 NaN
e 79 4 NaN
e 79 87 NaN
e 79 6 NaN
e 0 80 NaN
e 1 80 NaN
e 2 80 NaN
e 3 84 NaN
e 80 4 NaN
e 80 5 NaN
e 80 6 NaN
e 0 81 NaN
e 1 81 NaN
e 2 81 NaN
e 3 81 NaN
e 81 85 NaN
e 81 5 NaN
e 81 6 NaN
e 0 82 NaN
e 1 82 NaN
e 2 82 NaN
e 3 82 NaN
e 82 4 NaN
e 82 5 NaN
e 82 6 NaN
e 0 83 NaN
e 1 83 NaN
e 2 83 NaN
e 3 83 NaN
e 83 4 NaN
e 83 5 NaN
e 83 6 NaN
e 84 80 NaN
e 85 4 NaN
e 86 76 NaN
e 83 73 NaN
e 87 5 NaN
e 75 63 NaN
e 0 88 NaN
e 1 88 NaN
e 2 92 NaN
e 3 88 NaN
e 88 4 NaN
e 88 5 NaN
e 88 6 NaN
e 0 89 NaN
e 1 89 NaN
e 2 89 NaN
e 3 89 NaN
e 89 4 NaN
e 89 5 NaN
e 89 6 NaN
e 0 90 NaN
e 1 90 NaN
e 2 90 NaN
e 3 90 NaN
e 90 4 NaN
e 90 5 NaN
e 90 6 NaN
e 0 91 NaN
e 1 91 NaN
e 2 91 NaN
e 3 91 NaN
e 91 4 NaN
e 91 5 NaN
e 91 6 NaN
e 92 88 NaN
e 0 93 NaN
e 1 93 NaN
e 2 93 NaN
e 3 93 NaN
e 93 4 NaN
e 93 5 NaN
e 93 6 NaN
e 0 94 NaN
e 1 94 NaN
e 2 94 NaN
e 3 94 NaN
e 94 4 NaN
e 94 5 NaN
e 94 6 NaN
e 0 95 NaN
e 1 95 NaN
e 2 95 NaN
e 3 95 NaN
e 95 4 NaN
e 95 5 NaN
e 95 6 NaN
e 0 96 NaN
e 1 154 NaN
e 2 96 NaN
e 3 96 NaN
e 96 4 NaN
e 96 5 NaN
e 96 6 NaN
e 0 97 NaN
e 1 97 NaN
e 2 97 NaN
e 3 97 NaN
e 97 4 NaN
e 97 5 NaN
e 97 6 NaN
e 0 98 NaN
e 1 98 NaN
e 2 98 NaN
e 3 98 NaN
e 98 4 NaN
e 98 5 NaN
e 98 6 NaN
e 0 99 NaN
e 1 99 NaN
e 2 99 NaN
e 3 108 NaN
e 99 4 NaN
e 99 101 NaN
e 99 6 NaN
e 0 100 NaN
e 1 106 NaN
e 2 100 NaN
e 3 100 NaN
e 100 4 NaN
e 100 5 NaN
e 100 6 NaN
e 101 5 NaN
e 0 102 NaN
e 1 102 NaN
e 2 102 NaN
e 3 102 NaN
e 102 4 NaN
e 102 5 NaN
e 102 6 NaN
e 0 107 NaN
e 1 103 NaN
e 2 103 NaN
e 3 103 NaN
e 103 4 NaN
e 103 5 NaN
e 103 6 NaN
e 0 104 NaN
e 1 104 NaN
e 2 104 NaN
e 3 104 NaN
e 104 4 NaN
e 104 5 NaN
e 104 6 NaN
e 0 105 NaN
e 1 105 NaN
e 2 105 NaN
e 3 105 NaN
e 105 4 NaN
e 105 5 NaN
e 105 6 NaN
e 106 100 NaN
e 107 103 NaN
e 103 106 NaN
e 107 5 NaN
e 108 99 NaN
e 0 109 NaN
e 1 109 NaN
e 2 109 NaN
e 3 109 NaN
e 109 4 NaN
e 109 5 NaN
e 109 6 NaN
e 0 110 NaN
e 1 110 NaN
e 2 110 NaN
e 3 110 NaN
e 110 4 NaN
e 110 5 NaN
e 110 6 NaN
e 0 111 NaN
e 1 111 NaN
e 2 111 NaN
e 3 111 NaN
e 111 4 NaN
e 111 5 NaN
e 111 6 NaN
e 0 112 NaN
e 1 112 NaN
e 2 112 NaN
e 3 112 NaN
e 112 4 NaN
e 112 5 NaN
e 112 6 NaN
e 0 113 NaN
e 1 117 NaN
e 2 113 NaN
e 3 113 NaN
e 113 135 NaN
e 113 5 NaN
e 113 146 NaN
e 0 114 NaN
e 1 114 NaN
e 2 114 NaN
e 3 114 NaN
e 114 4 NaN
e 114 147 NaN
e 114 6 NaN
e 0 115 NaN
e 1 115 NaN
e 2 115 NaN
e 3 115 NaN
e 115 4 NaN
e 115 5 NaN
e 115 6 NaN
e 0 116 NaN
e 1 116 NaN
e 2 116 NaN
e 3 116 NaN
e 116 4 NaN
e 116 5 NaN
e 116 6 NaN
e 117 113 NaN
e 0 118 NaN
e 1 118 NaN
e 2 118 NaN
e 3 118 NaN
e 118 4 NaN
e 118 5 NaN
e 118 6 NaN
e 0 119 NaN
e 1 119 NaN
e 2 119 NaN
e 3 119 NaN
e 119 4 NaN
e 119 5 NaN
e 119 6 NaN
e 0 120 NaN
e 1 120 NaN
e 2 120 NaN
e 3 120 NaN
e 120 4 NaN
e 120 5 NaN
e 120 6 NaN
e 0 121 NaN
e 1 136 NaN
e 2 149 NaN
e 3 121 NaN
e 121 4 NaN
e 121 5 NaN
e 121 6 NaN
e 122 6 NaN
e 115 112 NaN
e 0 123 NaN
e 1 123 NaN
e 2 123 NaN
e 3 123 NaN
e 123 4 NaN
e 123 5 NaN
e 123 6 NaN
e 0 124 NaN
e 1 124 NaN
e 2 124 NaN
e 3 124 NaN
e 124 4 NaN
e 124 5 NaN
e 124 6 NaN
e 0 125 NaN
e 1 125 NaN
e 2 125 NaN
e 3 134 NaN
e 125 4 NaN
e 125 127 NaN
e 125 6 NaN
e 0 126 NaN
e 1 132 NaN
e 2 126 NaN
e 3 126 NaN
e 126 4 NaN
e 126 5 NaN
e 126 6 NaN
e 127 5 NaN
e 0 128 NaN
e 1 128 NaN
e 2 148 NaN
e 3 128 NaN
e 128 4 NaN
e 128 5 NaN
e 128 6 NaN
e 0 133 NaN
e 1 129 NaN
e 2 129 NaN
e 3 129 NaN
e 129 4 NaN
e 129 5 NaN
e 129 6 NaN
e 0 130 NaN
e 1 130 NaN
e 2 130 NaN
e 3 130 NaN
e 130 4 NaN
e 130 5 NaN
e 130 6 NaN
e 0 131 NaN
e 1 131 NaN
e 2 131 NaN
e 3 131 NaN
e 131 4 NaN
e 131 5 NaN
e 131 6 NaN
e 132 126 NaN
e 133 129 NaN
e 129 132 NaN
e 133 5 NaN
e 134 125 NaN
e 135 4 NaN
e 136 121 NaN
e 137 65 NaN
e 138 73 NaN
e 92 58 NaN
e 0 139 NaN
e 1 139 NaN
e 2 139 NaN
e 3 139 NaN
e 139 4 NaN
e 139 144 NaN
e 139 145 NaN
e 0 140 NaN
e 1 140 NaN
e 2 140 NaN
e 3 140 NaN
e 140 4 NaN
e 140 143 NaN
e 140 6 NaN
e 0 141 NaN
e 1 141 NaN
e 2 141 NaN
e 3 141 NaN
e 141 4 NaN
e 141 5 NaN
e 141 6 NaN
e 0 142 NaN
e 1 142 NaN
e 2 142 NaN
e 3 142 NaN
e 142 4 NaN
e 142 5 NaN
e 142 6 NaN
e 3 5 NaN
e 143 5 NaN
e 144 5 NaN
e 145 6 NaN
e 146 122 NaN
e 92 117 NaN
e 147 5 NaN
e 148 128 NaN
e 149 121 NaN
e 81 52 NaN
e 0 150 NaN
e 1 150 NaN
e 2 150 NaN
e 3 150 NaN
e 150 4 NaN
e 150 5 NaN
e 150 6 NaN
e 0 151 NaN
e 1 151 NaN
e 2 151 NaN
e 3 151 NaN
e 151 4 NaN
e 151 5 NaN
e 151 6 NaN
e 0 152 NaN
e 1 152 NaN
e 2 152 NaN
e 3 152 NaN
e 152 4 NaN
e 152 5 NaN
e 152 6 NaN
e 0 153 NaN
e 1 153 NaN
e 2 153 NaN
e 3 153 NaN
e 153 4 NaN
e 153 5 NaN
e 153 6 NaN
e 154 96 NaN
