n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden relu
n 8 hidden relu
n 9 hidden relu
n 10 hidden relu
n 11 hidden gaussian
n 12 hidden gaussian
n 13 hidden sigmoid
n 14 hidden identity
n 15 hidden identity
n 16 hidden sigmoid
n 17 hidden relu
n 18 hidden sine
n 19 hidden gaussian
n 20 hidden sigmoid
n 21 hidden gaussian
n 22 hidden gaussian
n 23 hidden identity
n 24 hidden sine
n 25 hidden tanh
n 26 hidden relu
n 27 hidden relu
n 28 hidden relu
n 29 hidden relu
n 30 hidden sine
n 31 hidden gaussian
n 32 hidden gaussian
n 33 hidden gaussian
n 34 hidden tanh
n 35 hidden sine
n 36 hidden identity
n 37 hidden sigmoid
n 38 hidden gaussian
n 39 hidden sine
n 40 hidden gaussian
n 41 hidden sigmoid
n 42 hidden sigmoid
n 43 hidden relu
n 44 hidden tanh
n 45 hidden gaussian
n 46 hidden relu
n 47 hidden relu
n 48 hidden tanh
n 49 hidden identity
n 50 hidden sigmoid
n 51 hidden sine
n 52 hidden identity
n 53 hidden tanh
n 54 hidden identity
n 55 hidden tanh
n 56 hidden gaussian
n 57 hidden relu
n 58 hidden identity
n 59 hidden sine
n 60 hidden relu
n 61 hidden tanh
n 62 hidden sigmoid
n 63 hidden sigmoid
n 64 hidden gaussian
n 65 hidden tanh
n 66 hidden tanh
n 67 hidden sigmoid
n 68 hidden gaussian
n 69 hidden tanh
n 70 hidden identity
n 71 hidden sigmoid
n 72 hidden sine
n 73 hidden relu
n 74 hidden identity
n 75 hidden sine
n 76 hidden tanh
n 77 hidden gaussian
n 78 hidden sigmoid
n 79 hidden identity
n 80 hidden sigmoid
n 81 hidden sine
n 82 hidden sigmoid
n 83 hidden tanh
n 84 hidden sine
n 85 hidden sine
n 86 hidden sine
n 87 hidden relu
n 88 hidden identity
n 89 hidden gaussian
n 90 hidden sigmoid
n 91 hidden tanh
n 92 hidden tanh
n 93 hidden sine
n 94 hidden tanh
n 95 hidden identity
n 96 hidden relu
n 97 hidden sine
n 98 hidden relu
n 99 hidden sine
n 100 hidden sigmoid
n 101 hidden sine
n 102 hidden sine
n 103 hidden relu
n 104 hidden identity
n 105 hidden gaussian
n 106 hidden gaussian
n 107 hidden tanh
n 108 hidden sine
n 109 hidden identity
n 110 hidden sigmoid
n 111 hidden gaussian
n 112 hidden sine
n 113 hidden gaussian
n 114 hidden sigmoid
n 115 hidden sigmoid
n 116 hidden relu
n 117 hidden tanh
n 118 hidden relu
n 119 hidden sigmoid
n 120 hidden identity
n 121 hidden relu
n 122 hidden relu
n 123 hidden tanh
n 124 hidden sigmoid
n 125 hidden tanh
n 126 hidden tanh
n 127 hidden tanh
n 128 hidden sine
n 129 hidden gaussian
n 130 hidden relu
n 131 hidden sigmoid
n 132 hidden sine
n 133 hidden tanh
n 134 hidden sigmoid
n 135 hidden sigmoid
n 136 hidden gaussian
n 137 hidden tanh
n 138 hidden tanh
n 139 hidden relu
n 140 hidden tanh
n 141 hidden sine
n 142 hidden gaussian
n 143 hidden sigmoid
n 144 hidden sine
n 145 hidden identity
n 146 hidden tanh
n 147 hidden identity
n 148 hidden tanh
n 149 hidden gaussian
n 150 hidden relu
n 151 hidden identity
n 152 hidden sine
n 153 hidden relu
n 154 hidden tanh
n 155 hidden sigmoid
n 156 hidden sigmoid
n 157 hidden gaussian
n 158 hidden tanh
n 159 hidden tanh
n 160 hidden sigmoid
n 161 hidden gaussian
n 162 hidden gaussian
n 163 hidden identity
n 164 hidden sigmoid
n 165 hidden tanh
n 166 hidden identity
n 167 hidden sine
n 168 hidden tanh
e 0 7 NaN
e 1 7 NaN
e 2 7 NaN
e 3 7 NaN
e 7 4 NaN
e 7 5 NaN
e 7 6 NaN
e 0 8 NaN
e 1 8 NaN
e 2 8 NaN
e 3 8 NaN
e 8 4 NaN
e 8 5 NaN
e 8 6 NaN
e 0 9 NaN
e 1 9 NaN
e 2 9 NaN
e 3 9 NaN
e 9 4 NaN
e 9 5 NaN
e 9 6 NaN
e 0 10 NaN
e 1 10 NaN
e 2 10 NaN
e 3 10 NaN
e 10 4 NaN
e 10 5 NaN
e 10 6 NaN
e 10 7 NaN
e 0 11 NaN
e 1 11 NaN
e 2 11 NaN
e 3 11 NaN
e 11 4 NaN
e 11 5 NaN
e 11 6 NaN
e 0 31 NaN
e 1 12 NaN
e 2 12 NaN
e 3 12 NaN
e 12 4 NaN
e 12 5 NaN
e 12 6 NaN
e 0 13 NaN
e 1 13 NaN
e 2 13 NaN
e 3 13 NaN
e 13 4 NaN
e 13 5 NaN
e 13 15 NaN
e 0 14 NaN
e 1 14 NaN
e 2 14 NaN
e 3 14 NaN
e 14 4 NaN
e 14 5 NaN
e 14 6 NaN
e 15 6 NaN
e 0 16 NaN
e 1 16 NaN
e 2 16 NaN
e 3 16 NaN
e 16 4 NaN
e 16 5 NaN
e 16 20 NaN
e 0 17 NaN
e 1 17 NaN
e 2 17 NaN
e 3 30 NaN
e 17 25 NaN
e 17 5 NaN
e 17 6 NaN
e 0 18 NaN
e 1 18 NaN
e 2 18 NaN
e 3 18 NaN
e 18 4 NaN
e 18 5 NaN
e 18 6 NaN
e 0 19 NaN
e 1 19 NaN
e 2 19 NaN
e 3 19 NaN
e 19 4 NaN
e 19 5 NaN
e 19 6 NaN
e 20 6 NaN
e 0 21 NaN
e 1 21 NaN
e 2 21 NaN
e 3 21 NaN
e 21 4 NaN
e 21 5 NaN
e 21 76 NaN
e 0 22 NaN
e 1 22 NaN
e 2 22 NaN
e 3 22 NaN
e 22 4 NaN
e 22 5 NaN
e 22 6 NaN
e 0 23 NaN
e 1 23 NaN
e 2 23 NaN
e 3 32 NaN
e 23 4 NaN
e 23 5 NaN
e 23 6 NaN
e 0 24 NaN
e 1 24 NaN
e 2 24 NaN
e 3 24 NaN
e 24 4 NaN
e 24 5 NaN
e 24 6 NaN
e 25 4 NaN
e 0 26 NaN
e 1 26 NaN
e 2 26 NaN
e 3 26 NaN
e 26 4 NaN
e 26 5 NaN
e 26 6 NaN
e 0 27 NaN
e 1 27 NaN
e 2 27 NaN
e 3 27 NaN
e 27 4 NaN
e 27 5 NaN
e 27 6 NaN
e 0 28 NaN
e 1 28 NaN
e 2 28 NaN
e 3 28 NaN
e 28 4 NaN
e 28 5 NaN
e 28 6 NaN
e 0 29 NaN
e 1 29 NaN
e 2 29 NaN
e 3 29 NaN
e 29 4 NaN
e 29 5 NaN
e 29 6 NaN
e 29 26 NaN
e 21 26 NaN
e 14 17 NaN
e 30 17 NaN
e 31 12 NaN
e 32 23 NaN
e 6 5 NaN
e 0 33 NaN
e 1 33 NaN
e 2 33 NaN
e 3 33 NaN
e 33 4 NaN
e 33 37 NaN
e 33 6 NaN
e 0 34 NaN
e 1 34 NaN
e 2 41 NaN
e 3 39 NaN
e 34 4 NaN
e 34 75 NaN
e 34 6 NaN
e 0 40 NaN
e 1 35 NaN
e 2 35 NaN
e 3 35 NaN
e 35 4 NaN
e 35 5 NaN
e 35 6 NaN
e 0 38 NaN
e 1 36 NaN
e 2 36 NaN
e 3 36 NaN
e 36 4 NaN
e 36 5 NaN
e 36 43 NaN
e 37 5 NaN
e 0 4 NaN
e 38 36 NaN
e 39 34 NaN
e 40 42 NaN
e 41 34 NaN
e 42 35 NaN
e 0 37 NaN
e 43 6 NaN
e 0 44 NaN
e 1 168 NaN
e 2 48 NaN
e 3 44 NaN
e 44 4 NaN
e 44 5 NaN
e 44 6 NaN
e 0 45 NaN
e 1 45 NaN
e 2 45 NaN
e 3 45 NaN
e 45 4 NaN
e 45 5 NaN
e 45 6 NaN
e 0 46 NaN
e 1 46 NaN
e 2 71 NaN
e 3 46 NaN
e 46 4 NaN
e 46 5 NaN
e 46 6 NaN
e 0 47 NaN
e 1 47 NaN
e 2 47 NaN
e 3 49 NaN
e 47 4 NaN
e 47 5 NaN
e 47 6 NaN
e 48 44 NaN
e 48 5 NaN
e 49 47 NaN
e 0 50 NaN
e 1 50 NaN
e 2 50 NaN
e 3 50 NaN
e 50 4 NaN
e 50 5 NaN
e 50 6 NaN
e 0 51 NaN
e 1 51 NaN
e 2 51 NaN
e 3 51 NaN
e 51 4 NaN
e 51 5 NaN
e 51 6 NaN
e 0 52 NaN
e 1 52 NaN
e 2 52 NaN
e 3 52 NaN
e 52 4 NaN
e 52 5 NaN
e 52 6 NaN
e 0 53 NaN
e 1 53 NaN
e 2 53 NaN
e 3 53 NaN
e 53 4 NaN
e 53 5 NaN
e 53 6 NaN
e 0 54 NaN
e 1 54 NaN
e 2 54 NaN
e 3 54 NaN
e 54 4 NaN
e 54 5 NaN
e 54 6 NaN
e 0 55 NaN
e 1 55 NaN
e 2 55 NaN
e 3 55 NaN
e 55 4 NaN
e 55 5 NaN
e 55 74 NaN
e 0 56 NaN
e 1 56 NaN
e 2 72 NaN
e 3 69 NaN
e 56 4 NaN
e 56 5 NaN
e 56 6 NaN
e 0 57 NaN
e 1 57 NaN
e 2 57 NaN
e 3 57 NaN
e 57 4 NaN
e 57 5 NaN
e 57 6 NaN
e 0 58 NaN
e 1 58 NaN
e 2 68 NaN
e 3 58 NaN
e 58 4 NaN
e 58 5 NaN
e 58 6 NaN
e 0 59 NaN
e 1 59 NaN
e 2 59 NaN
e 3 59 NaN
e 59 4 NaN
e 59 5 NaN
e 59 6 NaN
e 0 60 NaN
e 1 60 NaN
e 2 60 NaN
e 3 60 NaN
e 60 4 NaN
e 60 5 NaN
e 60 6 NaN
e 0 61 NaN
e 1 61 NaN
e 2 61 NaN
e 3 61 NaN
e 61 4 NaN
e 61 5 NaN
e 61 6 NaN
e 0 62 NaN
e 1 62 NaN
e 2 62 NaN
e 3 66 NaN
e 62 4 NaN
e 62 5 NaN
e 62 6 NaN
e 0 63 NaN
e 1 63 NaN
e 2 63 NaN
e 3 63 NaN
e 63 70 NaN
e 63 5 NaN
e 63 6 NaN
e 0 64 NaN
e 1 64 NaN
e 2 64 NaN
e 3 64 NaN
e 64 73 NaN
e 64 5 NaN
e 64 6 NaN
e 0 65 NaN
e 1 65 NaN
e 2 65 NaN
e 3 65 NaN
e 65 4 NaN
e 65 5 NaN
e 65 6 NaN
e 66 62 NaN
e 67 4 NaN
e 68 58 NaN
e 65 55 NaN
e 69 56 NaN
e 70 67 NaN
e 62 54 NaN
e 71 46 NaN
e 3 5 NaN
e 72 56 NaN
e 47 57 NaN
e 73 4 NaN
e 55 64 NaN
e 74 6 NaN
e 57 58 NaN
e 75 5 NaN
e 61 67 NaN
e 50 27 NaN
e 76 6 NaN
e 15 36 NaN
e 0 77 NaN
e 1 77 NaN
e 2 77 NaN
e 3 77 NaN
e 77 4 NaN
e 77 5 NaN
e 77 6 NaN
e 0 78 NaN
e 1 78 NaN
e 2 81 NaN
e 3 84 NaN
e 78 4 NaN
e 78 5 NaN
e 78 6 NaN
e 0 79 NaN
e 1 79 NaN
e 2 79 NaN
e 3 79 NaN
e 79 4 NaN
e 79 5 NaN
e 79 6 NaN
e 0 80 NaN
e 1 83 NaN
e 2 80 NaN
e 3 80 NaN
e 80 4 NaN
e 80 5 NaN
e 80 99 NaN
e 81 82 NaN
e 82 78 NaN
e 83 80 NaN
e 84 78 NaN
e 0 85 NaN
e 1 85 NaN
e 2 85 NaN
e 3 85 NaN
e 85 4 NaN
e 85 5 NaN
e 85 6 NaN
e 0 86 NaN
e 1 86 NaN
e 2 86 NaN
e 3 98 NaN
e 86 4 NaN
e 86 5 NaN
e 86 6 NaN
e 0 87 NaN
e 1 87 NaN
e 2 87 NaN
e 3 100 NaN
e 87 4 NaN
e 87 5 NaN
e 87 6 NaN
e 0 88 NaN
e 1 88 NaN
e 2 88 NaN
e 3 88 NaN
e 88 4 NaN
e 88 5 NaN
e 88 89 NaN
e 89 6 NaN
e 0 90 NaN
e 1 90 NaN
e 2 90 NaN
e 3 90 NaN
e 90 4 NaN
e 90 5 NaN
e 90 6 NaN
e 0 91 NaN
e 1 96 NaN
e 2 167 NaN
e 3 91 NaN
e 91 4 NaN
e 91 5 NaN
e 91 6 NaN
e 0 92 NaN
e 1 92 NaN
e 2 92 NaN
e 3 97 NaN
e 92 4 NaN
e 92 5 NaN
e 92 95 NaN
e 0 93 NaN
e 1 93 NaN
e 2 93 NaN
e 3 93 NaN
e 93 94 NaN
e 93 5 NaN
e 93 6 NaN
e 91 90 NaN
e 94 4 NaN
e 95 6 NaN
e 96 91 NaN
e 97 92 NaN
e 98 86 NaN
e 99 6 NaN
e 100 87 NaN
e 0 101 NaN
e 1 101 NaN
e 2 101 NaN
e 3 101 NaN
e 101 4 NaN
e 101 5 NaN
e 101 6 NaN
e 0 102 NaN
e 1 102 NaN
e 2 102 NaN
e 3 102 NaN
e 102 4 NaN
e 102 105 NaN
e 102 6 NaN
e 0 103 NaN
e 1 103 NaN
e 2 103 NaN
e 3 103 NaN
e 103 4 NaN
e 103 5 NaN
e 103 6 NaN
e 0 104 NaN
e 1 104 NaN
e 2 104 NaN
e 3 104 NaN
e 104 4 NaN
e 104 5 NaN
e 104 6 NaN
e 105 5 NaN
e 0 106 NaN
e 1 106 NaN
e 2 106 NaN
e 3 106 NaN
e 106 4 NaN
e 106 110 NaN
e 106 6 NaN
e 0 107 NaN
e 1 107 NaN
e 2 114 NaN
e 3 112 NaN
e 107 4 NaN
e 107 5 NaN
e 107 6 NaN
e 0 113 NaN
e 1 108 NaN
e 2 108 NaN
e 3 108 NaN
e 108 4 NaN
e 108 5 NaN
e 108 6 NaN
e 0 111 NaN
e 1 109 NaN
e 2 109 NaN
e 3 109 NaN
e 109 4 NaN
e 109 5 NaN
e 109 116 NaN
e 110 5 NaN
e 0 4 NaN
e 111 109 NaN
e 112 107 NaN
e 113 115 NaN
e 114 107 NaN
e 115 108 NaN
e 0 110 NaN
e 116 6 NaN
e 0 117 NaN
e 1 117 NaN
e 2 117 NaN
e 3 117 NaN
e 117 4 NaN
e 117 5 NaN
e 117 6 NaN
e 0 118 NaN
e 1 118 NaN
e 2 118 NaN
e 3 118 NaN
e 118 4 NaN
e 118 5 NaN
e 118 6 NaN
e 0 119 NaN
e 1 119 NaN
e 2 119 NaN
e 3 128 NaN
e 119 4 NaN
e 119 121 NaN
e 119 6 NaN
e 0 120 NaN
e 1 126 NaN
e 2 120 NaN
e 3 120 NaN
e 120 4 NaN
e 120 5 NaN
e 120 6 NaN
e 121 5 NaN
e 0 122 NaN
e 1 122 NaN
e 2 122 NaN
e 3 122 NaN
e 122 4 NaN
e 122 5 NaN
e 122 6 NaN
e 0 127 NaN
e 1 123 NaN
e 2 123 NaN
e 3 123 NaN
e 123 4 NaN
e 123 5 NaN
e 123 6 NaN
e 0 124 NaN
e 1 124 NaN
e 2 124 NaN
e 3 124 NaN
e 124 4 NaN
e 124 5 NaN
e 124 6 NaN
e 0 125 NaN
e 1 125 NaN
e 2 125 NaN
e 3 142 NaN
e 125 4 NaN
e 125 5 NaN
e 125 6 NaN
e 126 120 NaN
e 127 123 NaN
e 123 126 NaN
e 127 5 NaN
e 128 119 NaN
e 0 129 NaN
e 1 139 NaN
e 2 166 NaN
e 3 129 NaN
e 129 4 NaN
e 129 5 NaN
e 129 6 NaN
e 0 130 NaN
e 1 130 NaN
e 2 130 NaN
e 3 130 NaN
e 130 4 NaN
e 130 5 NaN
e 130 6 NaN
e 0 131 NaN
e 1 131 NaN
e 2 131 NaN
e 3 131 NaN
e 131 4 NaN
e 131 5 NaN
e 131 140 NaN
e 0 133 NaN
e 1 132 NaN
e 2 132 NaN
e 3 132 NaN
e 132 4 NaN
e 132 5 NaN
e 132 6 NaN
e 133 132 NaN
e 0 134 NaN
e 1 134 NaN
e 2 134 NaN
e 3 138 NaN
e 134 4 NaN
e 134 141 NaN
e 134 6 NaN
e 0 135 NaN
e 1 135 NaN
e 2 135 NaN
e 3 135 NaN
e 135 4 NaN
e 135 5 NaN
e 135 6 NaN
e 0 136 NaN
e 1 136 NaN
e 2 136 NaN
e 3 136 NaN
e 136 4 NaN
e 136 5 NaN
e 136 6 NaN
e 0 137 NaN
e 1 137 NaN
e 2 137 NaN
e 3 137 NaN
e 137 4 NaN
e 137 5 NaN
e 137 6 NaN
e 138 134 NaN
e 139 129 NaN
e 3 4 NaN
e 140 6 NaN
e 138 137 NaN
e 141 5 NaN
e 142 125 NaN
e 0 143 NaN
e 1 143 NaN
e 2 143 NaN
e 3 143 NaN
e 143 4 NaN
e 143 5 NaN
e 143 6 NaN
e 0 144 NaN
e 1 144 NaN
e 2 144 NaN
e 3 144 NaN
e 144 4 NaN
e 144 5 NaN
e 144 6 NaN
e 0 145 NaN
e 1 145 NaN
e 2 145 NaN
e 3 145 NaN
e 145 4 NaN
e 145 5 NaN
e 145 6 NaN
e 0 146 NaN
e 1 146 NaN
e 2 146 NaN
e 3 146 NaN
e 146 4 NaN
e 146 5 NaN
e 146 6 NaN
e 0 147 NaN
e 1 147 NaN
e 2 147 NaN
e 3 147 NaN
e 147 4 NaN
e 147 5 NaN
e 147 6 NaN
e 0 148 NaN
e 1 148 NaN
e 2 148 NaN
e 3 148 NaN
e 148 4 NaN
e 148 5 NaN
e 148 6 NaN
e 0 149 NaN
e 1 149 NaN
e 2 149 NaN
e 3 149 NaN
e 149 4 NaN
e 149 5 NaN
e 149 6 NaN
e 0 150 NaN
e 1 150 NaN
e 2 150 NaN
e 3 150 NaN
e 150 4 NaN
e 150 5 NaN
e 150 163 NaN
e 0 151 NaN
e 1 151 NaN
e 2 161 NaN
e 3 151 NaN
e 151 4 NaN
e 151 5 NaN
e 151 6 NaN
e 0 152 NaN
e 1 152 NaN
e 2 152 NaN
e 3 152 NaN
e 152 164 NaN
e 152 5 NaN
e 152 6 NaN
e 0 153 NaN
e 1 153 NaN
e 2 153 NaN
e 3 153 NaN
e 153 4 NaN
e 153 5 NaN
e 153 6 NaN
e 0 154 NaN
e 1 154 NaN
e 2 154 NaN
e 3 154 NaN
e 154 162 NaN
e 154 5 NaN
e 154 6 NaN
e 0 155 NaN
e 1 155 NaN
e 2 155 NaN
e 3 159 NaN
e 155 4 NaN
e 155 5 NaN
e 155 6 NaN
e 0 156 NaN
e 1 156 NaN
e 2 156 NaN
e 3 165 NaN
e 156 160 NaN
e 156 5 NaN
e 156 6 NaN
e 0 157 NaN
e 1 157 NaN
e 2 157 NaN
e 3 157 NaN
e 157 4 NaN
e 157 5 NaN
e 157 6 NaN
e 0 158 NaN
e 1 158 NaN
e 2 158 NaN
e 3 158 NaN
e 158 4 NaN
e 158 5 NaN
e 158 6 NaN
e 159 155 NaN
e 160 4 NaN
e 161 151 NaN
e 158 148 NaN
e 162 4 NaN
e 142 160 NaN
e 163 6 NaN
e 148 155 NaN
e 164 4 NaN
e 154 146 NaN
e 165 156 NaN
e 147 115 NaN
e 106 135 NaN
e 166 129 NaN
e 167 91 NaN
e 152 144 NaN
e 168 44 -1.168239
