n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden identity
n 8 hidden sine
n 9 hidden relu
n 10 hidden tanh
n 11 hidden gaussian
n 12 hidden tanh
n 13 hidden identity
n 14 hidden identity
n 15 hidden sine
n 16 hidden gaussian
n 17 hidden tanh
n 18 hidden sigmoid
n 19 hidden sigmoid
n 20 hidden tanh
n 21 hidden gaussian
n 22 hidden sigmoid
n 23 hidden sigmoid
n 24 hidden gaussian
n 25 hidden sine
n 26 hidden gaussian
n 27 hidden relu
n 28 hidden gaussian
n 29 hidden tanh
n 30 hidden relu
n 31 hidden sigmoid
n 32 hidden sigmoid
n 33 hidden sine
n 34 hidden identity
n 35 hidden identity
n 36 hidden relu
n 37 hidden sigmoid
n 38 hidden sigmoid
n 39 hidden identity
n 40 hidden tanh
n 41 hidden gaussian
n 42 hidden identity
n 43 hidden sine
n 44 hidden relu
n 45 hidden tanh
n 46 hidden gaussian
n 47 hidden gaussian
n 48 hidden gaussian
n 49 hidden identity
n 50 hidden sigmoid
n 51 hidden sigmoid
n 52 hidden sigmoid
n 53 hidden gaussian
n 54 hidden tanh
n 55 hidden tanh
n 56 hidden gaussian
n 57 hidden identity
n 58 hidden sine
n 59 hidden relu
n 60 hidden identity
n 61 hidden gaussian
n 62 hidden relu
n 63 hidden identity
n 64 hidden tanh
n 65 hidden gaussian
n 66 hidden sine
n 67 hidden tanh
n 68 hidden sigmoid
n 69 hidden tanh
n 70 hidden sigmoid
n 71 hidden identity
n 72 hidden sine
n 73 hidden sigmoid
n 74 hidden gaussian
n 75 hidden tanh
n 76 hidden identity
n 77 hidden sine
n 78 hidden identity
n 79 hidden sine
n 80 hidden tanh
n 81 hidden identity
n 82 hidden identity
n 83 hidden tanh
n 84 hidden relu
n 85 hidden tanh
n 86 hidden tanh
n 87 hidden tanh
n 88 hidden sigmoid
n 89 hidden identity
n 90 hidden identity
n 91 hidden gaussian
n 92 hidden identity
n 93 hidden identity
n 94 hidden gaussian
n 95 hidden gaussian
n 96 hidden sigmoid
n 97 hidden tanh
n 98 hidden relu
n 99 hidden identity
n 100 hidden sine
n 101 hidden tanh
n 102 hidden identity
n 103 hidden relu
n 104 hidden sigmoid
n 105 hidden identity
n 106 hidden sigmoid
n 107 hidden sigmoid
n 108 hidden sigmoid
n 109 hidden sigmoid
n 110 hidden gaussian
n 111 hidden tanh
n 112 hidden tanh
n 113 hidden gaussian
n 114 hidden identity
n 115 hidden sine
n 116 hidden relu
n 117 hidden identity
n 118 hidden gaussian
n 119 hidden relu
n 120 hidden identity
n 121 hidden tanh
n 122 hidden gaussian
n 123 hidden sine
n 124 hidden tanh
n 125 hidden sine
n 126 hidden gaussian
n 127 hidden gaussian
n 128 hidden tanh
n 129 hidden identity
n 130 hidden identity
n 131 hidden sine
n 132 hidden gaussian
n 133 hidden tanh
n 134 hidden sigmoid
n 135 hidden sigmoid
n 136 hidden tanh
n 137 hidden gaussian
n 138 hidden sigmoid
n 139 hidden sigmoid
n 140 hidden gaussian
n 141 hidden sine
n 142 hidden sigmoid
n 143 hidden sine
n 144 hidden tanh
n 145 hidden relu
n 146 hidden relu
n 147 hidden sine
n 148 hidden tanh
n 149 hidden identity
n 150 hidden sigmoid
n 151 hidden identity
n 152 hidden gaussian
n 153 hidden gaussian
n 154 hidden tanh
n 155 hidden tanh
n 156 hidden relu
n 157 hidden relu
n 158 hidden sine
n 159 hidden gaussian
n 160 hidden sigmoid
n 161 hidden gaussian
n 162 hidden sigmoid
n 163 hidden tanh
n 164 hidden relu
n 165 hidden identity
n 166 hidden relu
n 167 hidden sigmoid
n 168 hidden tanh
n 169 hidden identity
n 170 hidden tanh
n 171 hidden gaussian
n 172 hidden sigmoid
n 173 hidden tanh
n 174 hidden identity
n 175 hidden gaussian
n 176 hidden sigmoid
n 177 hidden relu
n 178 hidden gaussian
n 179 hidden gaussian
n 180 hidden sigmoid
n 181 hidden relu
n 182 hidden relu
n 183 hidden tanh
e 0 7 0.095176
e 1 7 -0.539937
e 2 7 -0.114747
e 3 7 0.464640
e 7 4 0.011432
e 7 5 -0.023412
e 7 6 0.008544
e 0 8 0.420447
e 1 8 -1.138663
e 2 11 0.774275
e 3 8 0.173405
e 8 4 -0.204278
e 8 5 0.034734
e 8 6 -0.186248
e 0 9 -3.044547
e 1 9 -0.113913
e 2 9 -3.731516
e 3 9 -2.819985
e 9 12 -0.027842
e 9 5 0.033669
e 9 6 0.015394
e 0 10 -0.681229
e 1 10 -0.914961
e 2 10 -0.339859
e 3 10 0.757844
e 10 4 0.194402
e 10 5 0.132408
e 10 6 0.158403
e 11 8 -0.833097
e 12 4 0.137947
e 0 13 -0.235984
e 1 13 -0.706974
e 2 13 -0.167397
e 3 13 1.483832
e 13 4 -0.025760
e 13 5 -0.034220
e 13 6 0.013490
e 0 14 0.048008
e 1 14 0.566776
e 2 14 -0.461131
e 3 14 -0.136744
e 14 4 0.019527
e 14 5 0.031074
e 14 6 -0.012627
e 0 15 -4.198222
e 1 15 -1.030342
e 2 15 -0.649419
e 3 15 0.410663
e 15 4 -0.038176
e 15 5 -0.035943
e 15 6 -0.037042
e 0 16 1.450057
e 1 16 0.536583
e 2 16 0.913285
e 3 16 -0.617848
e 16 4 1.524630
e 16 26 -0.227318
e 16 6 -0.323671
e 0 17 -0.137456
e 1 17 0.089381
e 2 17 1.165114
e 3 17 -0.043576
e 17 4 0.125260
e 17 5 0.259712
e 17 6 0.151836
e 0 25 -1.960752
e 1 18 -3.116892
e 2 18 1.064905
e 3 18 -1.882200
e 18 4 0.127544
e 18 5 0.063952
e 18 6 0.038090
e 0 19 0.317264
e 1 19 0.289152
e 2 19 -0.982292
e 3 19 1.463693
e 19 4 -0.021538
e 19 5 -0.088601
e 19 6 -0.078905
e 0 20 1.014208
e 1 20 -0.839115
e 2 20 1.275107
e 3 20 -1.570719
e 20 4 -0.272232
e 20 5 -0.216021
e 20 6 -0.204826
e 0 21 0.139983
e 1 21 1.033317
e 2 21 -1.443783
e 3 21 -0.240455
e 21 4 -0.436952
e 21 5 -0.536214
e 21 6 -0.542558
e 0 22 0.466040
e 1 22 1.209010
e 2 22 -0.269443
e 3 22 2.012150
e 22 4 0.296862
e 22 5 0.322644
e 22 6 -0.037328
e 0 23 0.183858
e 1 23 1.940195
e 2 23 0.180663
e 3 23 -0.422622
e 23 4 0.455142
e 23 5 0.384611
e 23 6 0.610588
e 0 24 0.114768
e 1 24 -0.404773
e 2 24 1.368540
e 3 24 1.701421
e 24 4 -0.368199
e 24 70 0.457052
e 24 6 -0.945719
e 25 18 0.088240
e 26 5 -0.372196
e 0 27 -6.697652
e 1 27 -3.681203
e 2 27 -5.313440
e 3 32 0.056518
e 27 4 -0.138409
e 27 5 -0.248044
e 27 6 -0.216144
e 0 35 0.018358
e 1 34 0.752807
e 2 28 -2.882446
e 3 28 -0.609816
e 28 4 -1.000445
e 28 5 -0.713495
e 28 6 -0.461429
e 0 29 -0.462943
e 1 29 -0.843171
e 2 31 -0.078427
e 3 29 -1.153369
e 29 4 0.140646
e 29 5 0.120140
e 29 6 0.150873
e 0 30 -4.129660
e 1 30 -1.644778
e 2 30 -2.150155
e 3 30 -2.295562
e 30 4 0.071849
e 30 5 0.114241
e 30 6 0.110698
e 31 29 1.184487
e 32 33 -1.745531
e 33 27 1.536392
e 34 28 -0.501301
e 2 29 1.597575
e 35 149 -0.260596
e 0 36 -8.469957
e 1 36 -43.269086
e 2 36 -5.403524
e 3 36 -4.108112
e 36 41 -0.924360
e 36 68 -0.184479
e 36 67 -0.019208
e 0 37 -10.107789
e 1 37 -19.675720
e 2 37 -1.721402
e 3 37 2.811600
e 37 4 -0.946403
e 37 5 -0.475207
e 37 6 0.086243
e 0 66 -1.981457
e 1 38 -2.333658
e 2 38 -2.097193
e 3 38 1.895193
e 38 4 -0.371709
e 38 5 -0.140250
e 38 6 -0.020439
e 0 39 0.039103
e 1 40 0.021637
e 2 39 0.213176
e 3 39 -0.450272
e 39 4 -0.002993
e 39 5 0.004822
e 39 6 0.003884
e 40 39 1.916585
e 41 69 -1.195060
e 0 42 0.156907
e 1 42 -0.440399
e 2 42 -0.223076
e 3 42 0.347882
e 42 4 0.002062
e 42 5 -0.005546
e 42 6 0.008447
e 0 43 0.306661
e 1 43 -1.415311
e 2 46 0.798434
e 3 43 0.586962
e 43 4 0.153860
e 43 5 -0.110157
e 43 6 0.128063
e 0 44 -4.677534
e 1 44 -0.956884
e 2 44 -4.791887
e 3 44 -3.551766
e 44 4 -0.046832
e 44 5 0.062176
e 44 6 -0.022549
e 0 45 -0.703007
e 1 45 -0.943490
e 2 45 -0.290393
e 3 45 0.778103
e 45 4 -0.113398
e 45 5 -0.087702
e 45 6 -0.045226
e 46 43 -0.681680
e 0 47 -1.792673
e 1 47 1.288851
e 2 47 0.357202
e 3 47 -0.878185
e 47 4 -0.332546
e 47 5 -0.390943
e 47 6 -0.430340
e 0 48 0.839732
e 1 48 0.529640
e 2 48 0.193130
e 3 48 0.831986
e 48 4 -1.061058
e 48 5 0.005902
e 48 6 -0.979623
e 0 49 -0.087948
e 1 49 -0.485572
e 2 49 -0.071579
e 3 49 0.791271
e 49 4 -0.015695
e 49 5 -0.025840
e 49 6 0.015627
e 0 50 -0.683386
e 1 50 0.120146
e 2 50 1.810224
e 3 50 -0.234811
e 50 4 0.000596
e 50 5 0.024577
e 50 6 -0.052741
e 0 51 -0.476371
e 1 51 0.201810
e 2 51 -0.732863
e 3 51 1.070350
e 51 4 -0.112470
e 51 5 0.037153
e 51 6 0.029727
e 0 52 -1.474554
e 1 52 -2.360596
e 2 52 0.136656
e 3 52 1.854336
e 52 55 -0.576986
e 52 5 0.167363
e 52 6 0.159823
e 0 53 -0.860371
e 1 53 -2.225950
e 2 53 1.054218
e 3 53 -0.499628
e 53 4 -0.202692
e 53 5 -0.095559
e 53 6 -0.085701
e 0 54 0.200076
e 1 54 -0.334045
e 2 54 -1.008080
e 3 54 0.420986
e 54 4 0.118720
e 54 5 0.017648
e 54 6 0.020377
e 55 4 -0.170237
e 0 56 1.005455
e 1 56 0.337872
e 2 56 2.173902
e 3 56 -0.124925
e 56 4 -1.240631
e 56 5 -1.894197
e 56 6 2.728232
e 0 57 -0.102208
e 1 57 -0.534084
e 2 57 -0.016623
e 3 57 0.808934
e 57 4 -0.035562
e 57 5 -0.029175
e 57 6 0.029416
e 0 58 -3.030511
e 1 58 -1.705887
e 2 58 -3.397697
e 3 58 -1.765175
e 58 4 -0.039875
e 58 5 -0.041010
e 58 6 -0.017900
e 0 59 -5.842773
e 1 59 -4.942855
e 2 59 -4.173884
e 3 59 -4.388101
e 59 65 -0.309209
e 59 5 -0.138931
e 59 6 -0.150376
e 0 60 0.018869
e 1 60 0.450816
e 2 60 0.062744
e 3 60 -0.579340
e 60 4 -0.051199
e 60 5 0.028385
e 60 6 0.023635
e 0 61 1.380729
e 1 61 -0.194932
e 2 61 -0.285722
e 3 61 -0.212530
e 61 4 -0.086750
e 61 5 -0.008153
e 61 6 0.047139
e 0 62 -7.455940
e 1 62 -2.329605
e 2 64 2.788448
e 3 62 -2.771164
e 62 4 0.190468
e 62 5 0.153734
e 62 6 0.111450
e 0 63 -0.339476
e 1 63 -0.959745
e 2 63 -0.877687
e 3 63 2.843153
e 63 4 0.014429
e 63 5 -0.045209
e 63 6 -0.006077
e 64 62 -3.627446
e 65 4 0.150179
e 38 45 -1.141056
e 66 38 -0.843137
e 50 36 1.227969
e 67 6 0.020814
e 68 5 -0.183018
e 69 4 1.190068
e 69 18 0.011631
e 70 5 -0.435860
e 0 71 -0.065011
e 1 71 0.562123
e 2 71 0.160588
e 3 71 -0.663655
e 71 4 -0.034779
e 71 5 0.064987
e 71 6 -0.038040
e 0 72 0.004012
e 1 72 1.201167
e 2 85 0.259156
e 3 72 -0.331180
e 72 4 0.176609
e 72 5 0.285111
e 72 6 0.266235
e 0 73 -1.548567
e 1 73 -1.926609
e 2 73 1.814457
e 3 73 -0.857549
e 73 4 -0.089368
e 73 5 -0.150823
e 73 6 -0.135031
e 0 74 1.538104
e 1 74 1.772934
e 2 74 0.292508
e 3 74 0.947576
e 74 4 0.018200
e 74 5 0.884162
e 74 6 -0.854893
e 0 75 0.324063
e 1 75 0.443670
e 2 75 -0.079637
e 3 75 0.343872
e 75 4 -0.008741
e 75 5 0.156930
e 75 6 -0.015611
e 0 76 0.099964
e 1 76 -0.517906
e 2 76 0.370356
e 3 76 0.595459
e 76 4 0.008538
e 76 5 -0.054995
e 76 6 0.032658
e 0 77 0.639980
e 1 84 -1.639145
e 2 77 -1.450501
e 3 77 1.413038
e 77 4 -0.136612
e 77 5 -0.092091
e 77 6 -0.085083
e 0 78 -0.096119
e 1 78 -0.274010
e 2 78 -0.120852
e 3 78 0.653061
e 78 4 0.018223
e 78 5 -0.071275
e 78 6 0.043714
e 0 79 0.547615
e 1 79 1.713707
e 2 79 0.912769
e 3 79 2.336464
e 79 4 -0.002857
e 79 5 -0.002433
e 79 6 -0.031850
e 0 80 1.308037
e 1 80 0.645838
e 2 80 0.833018
e 3 87 -0.191432
e 80 4 -0.143383
e 80 5 -0.120384
e 80 150 -0.066510
e 0 81 0.013431
e 1 81 0.731464
e 2 81 0.047956
e 3 81 -0.581674
e 81 4 0.067023
e 81 86 0.517004
e 81 6 0.081153
e 0 82 -0.391030
e 1 82 0.082792
e 2 82 -0.495496
e 3 82 1.455461
e 82 4 -0.013976
e 82 83 -0.302505
e 82 6 -0.005568
e 83 5 0.057883
e 1 83 1.615408
e 84 77 -0.009457
e 85 72 -1.847168
e 71 83 1.601235
e 86 5 -0.492765
e 87 80 0.556325
e 82 74 -0.562814
e 75 76 -0.758571
e 0 88 -0.952295
e 1 88 0.908827
e 2 88 0.668821
e 3 88 0.122920
e 88 4 -0.139813
e 88 5 -0.076320
e 88 6 -0.020358
e 0 89 -0.200883
e 1 89 -0.743530
e 2 89 -0.280025
e 3 89 1.573668
e 89 4 -0.013609
e 89 5 -0.033976
e 89 6 0.008773
e 0 90 -0.212784
e 1 90 0.041485
e 2 90 0.169460
e 3 90 0.236452
e 90 4 -0.002719
e 90 5 0.004788
e 90 6 -0.003764
e 0 91 0.568812
e 1 91 2.155283
e 2 91 0.413248
e 3 91 0.154681
e 91 4 0.544944
e 91 5 0.695636
e 91 6 0.694006
e 90 88 0.755983
e 0 92 -0.146472
e 1 92 -1.121671
e 2 92 -0.462777
e 3 92 2.050562
e 92 4 0.028958
e 92 5 -0.065860
e 92 6 0.006331
e 0 93 0.290816
e 1 93 0.290638
e 2 93 -0.046708
e 3 102 -0.846478
e 93 4 0.084673
e 93 5 -0.173734
e 93 101 0.424595
e 0 94 0.484895
e 1 94 -0.040526
e 2 94 0.111634
e 3 94 1.055593
e 94 4 0.360100
e 94 5 -1.887174
e 94 6 0.424151
e 0 95 0.510134
e 1 95 1.265470
e 2 95 0.764297
e 3 95 -0.800774
e 95 4 1.599663
e 95 5 0.745463
e 95 6 1.195743
e 0 96 -0.016875
e 1 96 1.441443
e 2 96 1.471489
e 3 96 -0.771825
e 96 4 0.508714
e 96 5 -0.995552
e 96 6 -0.096308
e 0 97 -0.955032
e 1 97 0.293628
e 2 97 0.895265
e 3 97 0.033233
e 97 4 -0.052648
e 97 5 0.002170
e 97 6 -0.027133
e 0 98 -8.183693
e 1 98 -6.317401
e 2 98 -5.129822
e 3 98 -3.899844
e 98 4 -0.608155
e 98 5 0.711126
e 98 100 -0.154809
e 0 99 -0.131706
e 1 99 -0.454747
e 2 99 -0.408522
e 3 99 1.265398
e 99 4 0.017089
e 99 5 -0.031450
e 99 6 0.012076
e 1 4 0.168075
e 99 96 0.493353
e 100 6 0.839409
e 99 90 0.760577
e 0 4 0.033294
e 101 6 0.644351
e 100 5 -0.903369
e 80 73 0.644059
e 102 93 0.993007
e 0 103 -4.491500
e 1 103 -2.606739
e 2 103 -2.638113
e 3 103 -1.000232
e 103 4 0.015234
e 103 5 0.072181
e 103 6 0.106776
e 0 104 1.976225
e 1 104 -0.683591
e 2 104 0.484300
e 3 104 0.549869
e 104 4 -0.438179
e 104 5 -0.209748
e 104 6 -0.633672
e 0 105 -0.213161
e 1 105 0.385779
e 2 145 0.032874
e 3 105 0.129937
e 105 4 0.002586
e 105 5 -0.024545
e 105 107 0.273881
e 0 106 0.869184
e 1 106 0.144109
e 2 106 0.291516
e 3 106 -2.507336
e 106 4 0.069196
e 106 5 -0.036345
e 106 6 -0.092734
e 107 6 0.894906
e 0 108 0.000138
e 1 108 0.210987
e 2 108 -0.519100
e 3 108 1.181545
e 108 4 0.012692
e 108 5 -0.120454
e 108 6 -0.245901
e 0 109 -1.949136
e 1 109 -2.121935
e 2 109 0.230135
e 3 109 1.843865
e 109 112 -0.609347
e 109 5 -0.003180
e 109 6 0.020564
e 0 110 0.230693
e 1 110 -2.359734
e 2 110 1.410704
e 3 110 -0.567944
e 110 4 0.412805
e 110 5 0.437150
e 110 6 0.420769
e 0 111 0.201887
e 1 111 -0.119365
e 2 111 -1.373626
e 3 111 1.113193
e 111 4 0.138630
e 111 5 0.223787
e 111 6 0.286432
e 112 4 -0.016549
e 0 113 0.991138
e 1 113 0.332495
e 2 113 2.173042
e 3 113 -0.129247
e 113 4 -1.250530
e 113 5 -1.907414
e 113 6 2.718458
e 0 114 -0.105641
e 1 114 -0.562541
e 2 114 0.068985
e 3 114 0.742853
e 114 4 -0.043693
e 114 5 0.005297
e 114 6 -0.002368
e 0 115 -3.015137
e 1 115 -1.892613
e 2 115 -3.201374
e 3 115 -1.762434
e 115 4 -0.015577
e 115 5 -0.003123
e 115 6 -0.010863
e 0 116 -6.321212
e 1 146 -4.044517
e 2 147 -1.113660
e 3 116 -4.304741
e 116 122 -0.315355
e 116 123 -0.149925
e 116 6 -0.011363
e 0 117 0.074016
e 1 117 0.419520
e 2 117 -0.070830
e 3 117 -0.516368
e 117 4 -0.065312
e 117 5 0.071199
e 117 6 -0.002268
e 0 118 1.731685
e 1 118 -0.524822
e 2 118 -0.436365
e 3 118 -0.222941
e 118 4 0.080486
e 118 5 0.016020
e 118 6 0.037148
e 0 119 -7.335172
e 1 119 -2.803950
e 2 121 2.534534
e 3 119 -2.961322
e 119 4 -0.056279
e 119 5 -0.011108
e 119 6 0.250463
e 0 120 -0.344080
e 1 120 -0.804176
e 2 124 -1.336453
e 3 120 2.721766
e 120 4 -0.095643
e 120 5 -0.092407
e 120 6 -0.110252
e 121 119 -4.276887
e 122 4 0.177072
e 123 5 -0.496764
e 124 120 1.170442
e 0 125 4.563142
e 1 125 4.259409
e 2 125 3.003642
e 3 125 2.326280
e 125 4 0.073693
e 125 5 0.049806
e 125 142 0.072799
e 0 126 0.819806
e 1 143 0.192429
e 2 126 2.061447
e 3 126 0.661072
e 126 4 0.054210
e 126 5 -0.488446
e 126 6 0.418352
e 0 127 1.891733
e 1 127 -1.136463
e 2 127 0.827960
e 3 127 -0.235377
e 127 4 -0.525559
e 127 5 -0.422281
e 127 6 -0.641385
e 0 128 0.327213
e 1 128 -0.253969
e 2 128 0.418538
e 3 128 0.748388
e 128 4 0.231695
e 128 5 0.239100
e 128 6 0.318041
e 0 129 -0.061314
e 1 129 -0.901421
e 2 129 -0.168028
e 3 129 1.269200
e 129 4 0.002014
e 129 5 -0.077452
e 129 6 0.045533
e 0 130 0.034599
e 1 130 0.453605
e 2 130 -0.475856
e 3 130 0.028717
e 130 4 0.009118
e 130 5 0.033398
e 130 6 -0.011870
e 0 131 -4.039066
e 1 131 -1.293086
e 2 131 -0.451937
e 3 131 0.372180
e 131 4 0.034218
e 131 5 0.028547
e 131 6 0.027442
e 0 132 1.458115
e 1 132 0.573053
e 2 132 0.892769
e 3 132 -0.610393
e 132 4 1.534732
e 132 5 -0.164855
e 132 6 -0.246916
e 0 133 -0.315551
e 1 133 -0.057126
e 2 133 1.914869
e 3 133 -0.760362
e 133 4 0.331317
e 133 5 0.325723
e 133 6 0.394016
e 0 141 -1.971874
e 1 134 -3.087291
e 2 134 0.945280
e 3 134 -1.866034
e 134 4 -0.019857
e 134 5 0.016676
e 134 6 0.011276
e 0 135 0.276237
e 1 135 0.242081
e 2 135 -1.893057
e 3 135 1.241169
e 135 4 -0.009513
e 135 5 0.054557
e 135 6 -0.051149
e 0 136 0.872972
e 1 136 -1.169973
e 2 136 1.372715
e 3 136 -1.494263
e 136 4 0.105639
e 136 5 0.135881
e 136 6 0.133302
e 0 137 1.418924
e 1 137 1.671227
e 2 137 -2.112607
e 3 137 -0.321585
e 137 4 -0.426742
e 137 5 -0.417769
e 137 6 -0.387627
e 0 138 0.471267
e 1 138 1.202433
e 2 138 -0.265500
e 3 138 2.008803
e 138 4 0.480179
e 138 5 0.510636
e 138 6 0.277689
e 0 139 0.098072
e 1 139 1.931844
e 2 139 0.208949
e 3 139 -0.425548
e 139 4 -0.305321
e 139 5 -0.494759
e 139 6 -0.582516
e 0 140 0.058367
e 1 140 -0.358973
e 2 140 1.422245
e 3 140 1.696232
e 140 4 -0.556126
e 140 5 0.216310
e 140 6 -0.956035
e 141 134 1.437924
e 135 139 0.964961
e 142 6 0.424427
e 143 144 -0.660093
e 144 126 -1.535039
e 128 148 0.197541
e 123 122 1.763914
e 145 105 -0.834934
e 146 116 -0.024143
e 136 113 0.227614
e 147 116 -0.587700
e 148 138 0.506237
e 149 28 -0.042291
e 71 19 0.032224
e 150 6 -0.081347
e 77 121 -1.505070
e 17 41 -0.403484
e 0 151 0.017900
e 1 151 0.832209
e 2 151 -0.037764
e 3 151 -0.778050
e 151 4 0.190337
e 151 5 0.150021
e 151 6 0.098037
e 0 155 0.134958
e 1 181 -1.056602
e 2 152 -1.503900
e 3 152 0.232936
e 152 158 -0.379429
e 152 5 0.299412
e 152 6 0.500810
e 0 157 2.179371
e 1 153 0.252785
e 2 176 -1.084276
e 3 153 -0.335255
e 153 4 0.363205
e 153 5 -0.543325
e 153 179 -0.744164
e 0 175 -0.135404
e 1 154 -0.395486
e 2 159 -0.231867
e 3 154 -0.258375
e 154 160 0.163947
e 154 161 0.754051
e 154 174 0.174387
e 155 180 -1.494243
e 156 153 2.095344
e 157 183 -1.529955
e 158 4 -0.048294
e 159 178 1.057975
e 160 4 0.099188
e 161 182 0.035628
e 0 162 -0.008846
e 1 162 1.449866
e 2 162 1.473674
e 3 162 -0.767626
e 162 4 0.159719
e 162 5 -0.331220
e 162 6 0.135839
e 0 163 -1.061119
e 1 173 0.254963
e 2 163 0.637383
e 3 163 -0.019245
e 163 4 -0.152589
e 163 5 -0.001069
e 163 6 -0.044045
e 0 164 -5.660455
e 1 164 1.248746
e 2 164 -2.897794
e 3 164 -2.821190
e 164 4 -0.065095
e 164 5 -0.008519
e 164 6 0.072822
e 0 165 -0.264010
e 1 172 -7.554051
e 2 165 -0.909356
e 3 165 1.182190
e 165 4 -0.154756
e 165 5 -0.094181
e 165 6 -0.130362
e 166 165 0.478816
e 0 171 0.403290
e 1 167 2.310279
e 2 167 -1.845909
e 3 167 -0.783993
e 167 4 -0.228547
e 167 5 -0.035521
e 167 6 -0.032700
e 0 168 1.291833
e 1 168 0.154440
e 2 168 0.402494
e 3 168 -0.628529
e 168 4 -0.442925
e 168 5 0.306857
e 168 6 0.056619
e 0 169 -0.217033
e 1 169 1.168092
e 2 177 -0.191452
e 3 169 0.257340
e 169 4 0.217893
e 169 5 0.105057
e 169 6 0.193718
e 0 170 0.917170
e 1 170 -1.594546
e 2 170 0.758428
e 3 170 -1.075110
e 170 4 0.125574
e 170 5 0.145070
e 170 6 0.157590
e 171 167 0.614419
e 172 166 -0.640647
e 173 163 0.828129
e 174 6 -0.061429
e 175 154 -0.512645
e 148 174 1.664543
e 176 156 1.757319
e 168 173 -0.774222
e 177 169 -0.960499
e 167 169 0.033322
e 178 154 -1.282032
e 179 6 -1.183949
e 168 153 -1.296762
e 180 152 1.314944
e 181 152 0.541582
e 162 156 -0.473409
e 182 5 0.410271
e 183 153 -0.382485
