n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden sine
n 8 hidden gaussian
n 9 hidden tanh
n 10 hidden tanh
n 11 hidden relu
n 12 hidden sigmoid
n 13 hidden sine
n 14 hidden sine
n 15 hidden sine
n 16 hidden sine
n 17 hidden gaussian
n 18 hidden tanh
n 19 hidden identity
n 20 hidden gaussian
n 21 hidden gaussian
n 22 hidden tanh
n 23 hidden tanh
n 24 hidden relu
n 25 hidden relu
n 26 hidden sine
n 27 hidden gaussian
n 28 hidden sigmoid
n 29 hidden gaussian
n 30 hidden sigmoid
n 31 hidden tanh
n 32 hidden relu
n 33 hidden identity
n 34 hidden relu
n 35 hidden sigmoid
n 36 hidden tanh
n 37 hidden identity
n 38 hidden tanh
n 39 hidden gaussian
n 40 hidden sigmoid
n 41 hidden tanh
n 42 hidden sigmoid
n 43 hidden gaussian
n 44 hidden gaussian
n 45 hidden identity
n 46 hidden sigmoid
n 47 hidden tanh
n 48 hidden relu
n 49 hidden sine
n 50 hidden sine
n 51 hidden tanh
n 52 hidden sigmoid
n 53 hidden relu
n 54 hidden relu
n 55 hidden gaussian
n 56 hidden sigmoid
n 57 hidden tanh
n 58 hidden sine
n 59 hidden gaussian
n 60 hidden identity
n 61 hidden relu
n 62 hidden gaussian
n 63 hidden identity
n 64 hidden gaussian
n 65 hidden sine
n 66 hidden sigmoid
n 67 hidden gaussian
n 68 hidden sigmoid
n 69 hidden sine
n 70 hidden sine
n 71 hidden tanh
n 72 hidden sigmoid
n 73 hidden gaussian
n 74 hidden tanh
n 75 hidden relu
n 76 hidden identity
n 77 hidden relu
n 78 hidden sine
n 79 hidden identity
n 80 hidden gaussian
n 81 hidden gaussian
n 82 hidden tanh
n 83 hidden tanh
n 84 hidden gaussian
n 85 hidden sine
n 86 hidden relu
n 87 hidden gaussian
n 88 hidden tanh
n 89 hidden relu
n 90 hidden sigmoid
n 91 hidden sigmoid
n 92 hidden sine
n 93 hidden identity
n 94 hidden identity
n 95 hidden relu
n 96 hidden sigmoid
n 97 hidden sigmoid
n 98 hidden identity
n 99 hidden tanh
n 100 hidden gaussian
n 101 hidden identity
n 102 hidden sine
n 103 hidden relu
n 104 hidden tanh
n 105 hidden gaussian
n 106 hidden gaussian
n 107 hidden gaussian
n 108 hidden identity
n 109 hidden sigmoid
n 110 hidden sigmoid
n 111 hidden sigmoid
n 112 hidden gaussian
n 113 hidden tanh
n 114 hidden tanh
n 115 hidden gaussian
n 116 hidden identity
n 117 hidden sine
n 118 hidden relu
n 119 hidden identity
n 120 hidden gaussian
n 121 hidden relu
n 122 hidden identity
n 123 hidden tanh
n 124 hidden gaussian
n 125 hidden sine
n 126 hidden tanh
n 127 hidden sigmoid
n 128 hidden identity
n 129 hidden sine
n 130 hidden gaussian
n 131 hidden relu
n 132 hidden tanh
n 133 hidden identity
n 134 hidden sigmoid
n 135 hidden tanh
n 136 hidden gaussian
n 137 hidden sine
n 138 hidden sine
n 139 hidden gaussian
n 140 hidden sine
n 141 hidden gaussian
n 142 hidden relu
n 143 hidden relu
n 144 hidden gaussian
n 145 hidden identity
n 146 hidden sine
n 147 hidden tanh
n 148 hidden gaussian
n 149 hidden identity
n 150 hidden identity
n 151 hidden sigmoid
n 152 hidden relu
n 153 hidden sigmoid
n 154 hidden identity
n 155 hidden identity
n 156 hidden gaussian
n 157 hidden sine
n 158 hidden tanh
n 159 hidden relu
n 160 hidden tanh
n 161 hidden tanh
n 162 hidden sine
n 163 hidden sine
n 164 hidden tanh
n 165 hidden identity
n 166 hidden sigmoid
n 167 hidden sine
n 168 hidden sine
n 169 hidden sine
n 170 hidden relu
n 171 hidden identity
n 172 hidden relu
n 173 hidden sine
n 174 hidden gaussian
n 175 hidden identity
n 176 hidden tanh
n 177 hidden sine
n 178 hidden sine
n 179 hidden gaussian
n 180 hidden tanh
n 181 hidden tanh
n 182 hidden relu
n 183 hidden sigmoid
n 184 hidden sine
n 185 hidden sine
n 186 hidden sine
n 187 hidden identity
n 188 hidden sine
n 189 hidden gaussian
n 190 hidden relu
n 191 hidden tanh
n 192 hidden identity
n 193 hidden sigmoid
n 194 hidden tanh
n 195 hidden gaussian
n 196 hidden sine
n 197 hidden sine
n 198 hidden gaussian
n 199 hidden sine
n 200 hidden gaussian
n 201 hidden relu
n 202 hidden relu
n 203 hidden gaussian
n 204 hidden sigmoid
n 205 hidden sine
n 206 hidden identity
n 207 hidden sigmoid
n 208 hidden tanh
n 209 hidden gaussian
e 0 7 -0.851921
e 1 15 -0.303002
e 2 14 -0.347075
e 3 7 -0.128148
e 7 4 -0.047318
e 7 12 -0.099540
e 7 6 -0.014140
e 0 8 0.969374
e 1 42 1.294174
e 2 8 -0.523189
e 3 8 0.234651
e 8 4 0.556636
e 8 5 0.486222
e 8 17 0.110253
e 0 9 1.414672
e 1 9 -1.027100
e 2 9 -0.321741
e 3 13 -0.527583
e 9 4 0.180355
e 9 18 -0.029022
e 9 6 0.165013
e 0 10 0.168049
e 1 11 0.970072
e 2 10 -0.203744
e 3 10 -1.408440
e 10 4 0.299363
e 10 5 0.083418
e 10 6 0.302963
e 11 10 1.022883
e 12 5 0.007773
e 13 9 -1.232006
e 14 7 -0.306529
e 6 12 -1.146614
e 15 7 0.886471
e 9 16 -0.227360
e 16 14 -2.195740
e 17 6 -1.189196
e 18 5 -0.110736
e 15 13 -0.589597
e 0 19 0.076432
e 1 19 0.670880
e 2 19 -0.121008
e 3 19 -0.716860
e 19 4 0.125424
e 19 5 0.009743
e 19 6 0.294475
e 0 23 0.125691
e 1 20 -0.958835
e 2 20 -1.590533
e 3 20 0.233609
e 20 26 -0.381618
e 20 5 -0.508638
e 20 6 -0.234661
e 0 25 1.830021
e 1 21 0.221278
e 2 24 -0.385102
e 3 21 -0.146077
e 21 4 0.139068
e 21 5 0.277352
e 21 6 0.126218
e 0 22 -0.107867
e 1 22 -0.388857
e 2 27 -0.225063
e 3 22 -0.271786
e 22 28 0.160495
e 22 29 0.667652
e 22 6 0.477482
e 23 20 -1.473490
e 24 21 2.243231
e 25 21 -0.969591
e 26 4 -0.063217
e 27 22 1.053221
e 28 4 -0.106059
e 29 5 -0.511720
e 0 30 -0.001922
e 1 30 1.453518
e 2 30 1.474488
e 3 30 -0.766502
e 30 4 0.179239
e 30 5 -0.219067
e 30 6 0.084815
e 0 31 -0.992289
e 1 41 0.247892
e 2 31 0.897352
e 3 31 0.046344
e 31 4 -0.209523
e 31 5 -0.063129
e 31 6 -0.163730
e 0 32 -5.236119
e 1 32 1.519620
e 2 32 -2.445390
e 3 32 -2.539515
e 32 48 -0.040103
e 32 5 0.108430
e 32 6 0.025300
e 0 33 -0.199213
e 1 40 -7.581080
e 2 33 -0.975080
e 3 33 1.184183
e 33 4 -0.077417
e 33 5 -0.038415
e 33 6 -0.048302
e 34 33 0.496009
e 0 39 0.391483
e 1 35 1.925456
e 2 35 -1.673022
e 3 35 -0.744438
e 35 4 -0.092834
e 35 5 0.156844
e 35 6 -0.129050
e 0 36 1.291349
e 1 36 0.149862
e 2 36 0.422789
e 3 36 -0.621960
e 36 4 -0.468778
e 36 5 0.222852
e 36 6 -0.201029
e 0 37 -0.550906
e 1 37 1.061462
e 2 37 -0.032193
e 3 37 0.355979
e 37 4 0.287435
e 37 5 0.036387
e 37 6 0.152864
e 0 38 1.039970
e 1 38 -1.868593
e 2 38 0.514084
e 3 38 -0.714648
e 38 4 0.171978
e 38 209 0.039542
e 38 6 0.108798
e 39 35 0.654966
e 40 34 -0.082908
e 41 31 0.638871
e 42 8 0.691651
e 4 29 -1.334440
e 0 43 0.129770
e 1 43 1.593469
e 2 43 -0.909582
e 3 43 -0.874943
e 43 47 -0.658050
e 43 5 -0.048673
e 43 6 -0.317889
e 0 44 0.872632
e 1 44 0.450697
e 2 44 0.317422
e 3 44 0.873211
e 44 4 -1.060225
e 44 5 0.045664
e 44 6 -0.866440
e 0 45 -0.209379
e 1 45 -0.655733
e 2 45 -0.232729
e 3 45 1.306452
e 45 4 -0.173883
e 45 64 0.048898
e 45 6 -0.166022
e 0 46 -0.870853
e 1 46 0.333520
e 2 46 1.750007
e 3 46 -0.224159
e 46 4 0.002745
e 46 5 0.135719
e 46 6 -0.037550
e 3 5 0.011907
e 47 4 0.192984
e 48 4 0.174972
e 0 55 3.740687
e 1 49 -0.291249
e 2 49 2.137357
e 3 49 -1.203094
e 49 4 0.120220
e 49 54 -0.000007
e 49 6 -0.013599
e 0 50 0.097389
e 1 50 -0.892945
e 2 50 -0.637914
e 3 50 1.284586
e 50 4 0.008817
e 50 5 0.218972
e 50 6 0.006642
e 0 51 1.103747
e 1 85 0.536425
e 2 51 1.473853
e 3 51 -0.759910
e 51 4 -0.221876
e 51 5 -0.020963
e 51 6 0.760595
e 0 52 1.022211
e 1 52 3.014878
e 2 52 0.532439
e 3 53 -1.445980
e 52 4 0.223835
e 52 5 0.260572
e 52 6 0.322413
e 53 52 -0.472466
e 54 62 -1.280614
e 55 49 0.497137
e 0 56 -4.412102
e 1 56 -9.973986
e 2 56 -2.307759
e 3 63 1.055751
e 56 4 -0.196667
e 56 5 -0.262750
e 56 6 -0.252492
e 0 57 -0.412301
e 1 57 -1.669602
e 2 57 -0.525462
e 3 57 -0.705651
e 57 4 -0.127411
e 57 5 -0.344158
e 57 61 0.674533
e 0 58 5.545914
e 1 58 3.024882
e 2 58 4.430468
e 3 58 2.344609
e 58 4 0.066320
e 58 5 -0.009118
e 58 6 -0.010782
e 0 59 0.410591
e 1 59 0.453942
e 2 60 0.079276
e 3 59 0.180001
e 59 4 -0.646995
e 59 5 -0.699350
e 59 6 -0.992436
e 60 59 0.730368
e 61 6 -0.908779
e 62 5 -0.003005
e 63 56 1.662249
e 17 5 -0.240483
e 57 48 -0.088460
e 64 5 -0.735544
e 57 52 1.298343
e 0 65 3.030453
e 1 65 1.737509
e 2 65 0.301620
e 3 65 1.197196
e 65 4 0.042621
e 65 5 -0.044304
e 65 6 0.001338
e 0 66 0.636239
e 1 66 2.876074
e 2 73 -1.320144
e 3 66 -2.212617
e 66 4 -0.136283
e 66 5 0.007424
e 66 6 -0.205377
e 0 67 -1.689525
e 1 67 -0.776149
e 2 67 -1.337781
e 3 67 0.044066
e 67 4 0.501013
e 67 5 -0.562641
e 67 6 0.449496
e 0 68 1.650717
e 1 148 0.469189
e 2 68 -1.156687
e 3 68 -0.266799
e 68 4 0.034407
e 68 5 0.149681
e 68 6 -0.095290
e 0 69 3.395528
e 1 69 0.767871
e 2 69 1.906582
e 3 69 -1.346915
e 69 4 0.084270
e 69 5 0.037499
e 69 6 0.035554
e 0 70 0.036862
e 1 70 -0.241838
e 2 70 -0.792510
e 3 70 1.123775
e 70 74 -0.363441
e 70 5 -0.014993
e 70 6 0.280059
e 0 71 1.247818
e 1 71 0.416253
e 2 71 1.574559
e 3 71 -0.777120
e 71 4 0.089717
e 71 5 0.220984
e 71 6 0.415507
e 0 72 0.739977
e 1 72 2.528381
e 2 72 0.420372
e 3 72 -1.429482
e 72 4 -0.178266
e 72 5 -0.404487
e 72 6 -0.516697
e 73 66 0.002672
e 74 84 -0.748028
e 74 71 0.823420
e 0 75 -9.109348
e 1 75 -3.379337
e 2 75 -6.247771
e 3 75 -3.595197
e 75 4 -0.044166
e 75 5 -0.046440
e 75 6 -0.119871
e 0 76 0.213124
e 1 76 0.274776
e 2 76 -1.322592
e 3 76 0.762544
e 76 4 0.028918
e 76 5 -0.043689
e 76 6 -0.035577
e 0 77 -1.922963
e 1 77 -0.179884
e 2 77 -1.443671
e 3 77 -0.434502
e 77 4 0.146351
e 77 5 0.086150
e 77 6 0.053876
e 0 78 -0.745433
e 1 78 0.830610
e 2 78 -1.384346
e 3 78 0.926253
e 78 4 0.012489
e 78 5 -0.064209
e 78 6 -0.060513
e 0 79 -0.106596
e 1 79 1.313426
e 2 79 -0.049169
e 3 79 -0.988500
e 79 4 0.322266
e 79 5 0.036217
e 79 6 0.286267
e 0 83 0.145399
e 1 80 -1.022364
e 2 80 -1.603281
e 3 80 0.185335
e 80 4 -0.558084
e 80 5 -0.516440
e 80 6 -0.350985
e 0 81 2.033783
e 1 81 -0.677083
e 2 81 -0.382104
e 3 81 -0.181643
e 81 4 -0.326653
e 81 5 -0.185885
e 81 6 -0.343935
e 0 82 -0.009267
e 1 82 -1.104480
e 2 82 0.797311
e 3 82 0.246399
e 82 4 0.217509
e 82 5 0.314120
e 82 6 0.173266
e 83 80 -1.505516
e 84 4 -0.379080
e 71 67 0.383798
e 0 5 -0.014805
e 79 71 0.804411
e 85 51 2.081757
e 0 86 -4.268896
e 1 86 -2.401598
e 2 86 -3.782055
e 3 91 -0.051187
e 86 4 -0.128226
e 86 5 -0.266876
e 86 6 -0.244757
e 0 94 -0.006488
e 1 93 0.673060
e 2 87 -2.886545
e 3 87 -0.508418
e 87 4 -0.834557
e 87 5 -0.613724
e 87 6 -0.367346
e 0 88 -0.368224
e 1 88 -0.411722
e 2 90 -0.038861
e 3 88 -0.884789
e 88 4 -0.204017
e 88 5 -0.207495
e 88 6 -0.213455
e 0 89 -1.909552
e 1 89 -0.506717
e 2 89 -0.547589
e 3 89 -1.210991
e 89 4 0.090168
e 89 5 0.095513
e 89 6 0.086603
e 90 88 1.300024
e 91 92 -1.220126
e 92 86 0.793469
e 93 87 -0.370862
e 2 88 1.882010
e 94 87 -0.259874
e 0 95 -8.440510
e 1 95 -43.263746
e 2 95 -5.434988
e 3 95 -4.110548
e 95 100 -0.921017
e 95 127 -0.176166
e 95 126 -0.065410
e 0 96 -10.011793
e 1 96 -19.624998
e 2 96 -1.776339
e 3 96 2.810811
e 96 4 -0.946402
e 96 5 -0.475206
e 96 6 0.086242
e 0 125 -2.076716
e 1 97 -2.305243
e 2 97 -2.105604
e 3 97 1.903327
e 97 4 -0.372789
e 97 5 -0.143596
e 97 6 -0.021434
e 0 98 0.026505
e 1 99 0.005468
e 2 98 0.297972
e 3 98 -0.439806
e 98 4 -0.018304
e 98 5 0.005772
e 98 6 0.026334
e 99 98 1.914645
e 100 4 -1.191671
e 0 101 0.304347
e 1 101 -0.505616
e 2 101 -0.459945
e 3 101 0.292430
e 101 4 -0.209467
e 101 5 -0.034994
e 101 6 -0.034103
e 0 102 0.500034
e 1 102 -1.636532
e 2 105 0.781224
e 3 102 0.477097
e 102 4 0.030350
e 102 5 -0.154028
e 102 6 0.005758
e 0 103 -2.386776
e 1 103 0.206014
e 2 103 -3.188766
e 3 103 -2.462988
e 103 4 -0.036649
e 103 5 0.043344
e 103 6 -0.051162
e 0 104 -0.765075
e 1 104 -0.972651
e 2 104 -0.331388
e 3 104 0.749060
e 104 4 -0.061321
e 104 5 0.042269
e 104 6 -0.053208
e 105 102 -0.719525
e 0 106 -1.680040
e 1 106 1.355671
e 2 106 0.154491
e 3 106 -0.920233
e 106 4 -0.412527
e 106 5 -0.251761
e 106 6 -0.592324
e 0 107 0.853587
e 1 107 0.523828
e 2 107 0.202127
e 3 107 0.837424
e 107 4 -1.036415
e 107 5 0.016996
e 107 6 -0.991688
e 0 108 -0.081578
e 1 108 -0.549454
e 2 108 -0.033160
e 3 108 0.799734
e 108 4 -0.047521
e 108 5 -0.014689
e 108 6 0.064874
e 0 109 -0.646288
e 1 109 0.189320
e 2 109 1.812521
e 3 109 -0.204398
e 109 4 0.115941
e 109 5 -0.087354
e 109 6 0.134242
e 0 110 -0.384817
e 1 110 0.233842
e 2 110 -0.676846
e 3 110 1.112596
e 110 4 -0.120249
e 110 5 -0.056521
e 110 6 -0.029850
e 0 111 -1.439896
e 1 111 -2.358611
e 2 111 0.156062
e 3 111 1.873712
e 111 114 -0.571464
e 111 5 0.123865
e 111 6 0.035330
e 0 112 -0.939536
e 1 112 -2.198893
e 2 112 1.059373
e 3 112 -0.513010
e 112 4 0.168098
e 112 5 -0.201678
e 112 6 0.200352
e 0 113 0.144019
e 1 113 -0.397701
e 2 113 -1.055617
e 3 113 0.374211
e 113 4 0.004556
e 113 5 -0.042694
e 113 6 -0.213798
e 114 4 0.034161
e 0 115 1.004587
e 1 115 0.337616
e 2 115 2.174276
e 3 115 -0.125103
e 115 4 -1.238772
e 115 5 -1.891077
e 115 6 2.731402
e 0 116 -0.106196
e 1 116 -0.614887
e 2 116 0.058674
e 3 116 0.820626
e 116 4 -0.114244
e 116 5 -0.013490
e 116 6 0.154370
e 0 117 -3.120758
e 1 117 -1.713003
e 2 117 -3.166594
e 3 117 -1.730228
e 117 4 0.036811
e 117 5 -0.012844
e 117 6 0.010010
e 0 118 -4.245003
e 1 118 -4.122687
e 2 118 -3.101173
e 3 118 -3.652819
e 118 124 -0.329012
e 118 5 -0.157763
e 118 6 -0.178989
e 0 147 -0.018006
e 1 119 0.523496
e 2 119 0.073141
e 3 119 -0.562784
e 119 4 -0.247856
e 119 5 0.016615
e 119 6 0.209765
e 0 120 1.389152
e 1 120 -0.304141
e 2 120 -0.331943
e 3 120 -0.236892
e 120 4 -0.085337
e 120 5 0.225986
e 120 6 0.138251
e 0 121 -5.285973
e 1 121 -1.243292
e 2 123 2.638254
e 3 121 -1.685528
e 121 4 0.200652
e 121 5 0.134903
e 121 6 0.082837
e 0 122 -0.236087
e 1 122 -0.968296
e 2 122 -1.088106
e 3 122 2.855745
e 122 4 -0.054822
e 122 5 -0.064575
e 122 6 -0.119057
e 123 121 -2.755388
e 124 4 0.153107
e 97 104 -1.141056
e 125 97 -1.120698
e 109 95 1.234948
e 126 6 0.078669
e 127 5 -0.194051
e 0 128 -0.215183
e 1 128 -0.276205
e 2 128 -0.415580
e 3 128 1.512300
e 128 4 -0.032821
e 128 5 -0.009537
e 128 6 -0.022622
e 0 129 1.836322
e 1 129 -1.258395
e 2 129 -0.324030
e 3 129 2.127467
e 129 4 -0.020954
e 129 5 0.037352
e 129 6 -0.030390
e 0 130 0.194219
e 1 130 -0.316569
e 2 130 1.692017
e 3 130 0.116179
e 130 4 -0.227143
e 130 5 0.437125
e 130 6 -0.018675
e 0 131 -4.371641
e 1 131 -5.856107
e 2 131 -1.506968
e 3 131 -2.701766
e 131 4 0.346909
e 131 132 -0.199739
e 131 6 0.127600
e 132 5 -0.379160
e 132 128 0.434149
e 0 142 -2.821983
e 1 133 1.071513
e 2 133 1.000935
e 3 133 -1.464076
e 133 4 -0.056798
e 133 5 -0.029023
e 133 6 -0.061470
e 0 145 1.085459
e 1 134 0.327617
e 2 134 -0.475063
e 3 134 -1.937945
e 134 4 0.059036
e 134 5 -0.015682
e 134 6 -0.057810
e 0 135 -0.026823
e 1 135 1.230108
e 2 135 -0.202868
e 3 135 -1.788101
e 135 4 0.223575
e 135 5 0.158905
e 135 6 0.142316
e 0 136 1.982695
e 1 136 1.894386
e 2 136 -0.258885
e 3 136 2.442495
e 136 4 0.301510
e 136 5 0.070939
e 136 6 1.095530
e 0 137 -1.956560
e 1 146 -0.188632
e 2 137 -2.726221
e 3 143 0.108980
e 137 4 0.008868
e 137 5 -0.043356
e 137 6 -0.017607
e 0 138 -5.048606
e 1 138 -4.313438
e 2 138 -2.779585
e 3 138 -2.309221
e 138 4 -0.031013
e 138 5 0.000103
e 138 6 0.022005
e 0 139 -0.017896
e 1 144 -0.411214
e 2 139 1.047842
e 3 139 1.078787
e 139 4 -0.886158
e 139 5 -1.350501
e 139 6 -0.425563
e 0 141 -9.304682
e 1 140 -6.113376
e 2 140 -5.700068
e 3 140 -4.464796
e 140 4 0.010929
e 140 5 0.002662
e 140 6 0.005254
e 141 140 -0.702060
e 134 133 -0.506947
e 3 141 0.470134
e 142 133 -0.878540
e 138 140 0.697553
e 143 137 0.729180
e 144 139 -0.568381
e 141 143 -1.620363
e 145 134 -0.185166
e 1 139 -0.529510
e 146 137 -0.460374
e 147 119 0.555835
e 92 88 1.422566
e 148 68 0.318367
e 0 149 0.154069
e 1 149 0.421810
e 2 149 0.315503
e 3 149 -0.980167
e 149 4 -0.059947
e 149 5 0.220756
e 149 206 0.181684
e 0 150 -0.227851
e 1 150 -1.032434
e 2 150 -0.429426
e 3 150 2.114047
e 150 4 -0.224577
e 150 5 0.001397
e 150 6 -0.071868
e 0 151 1.098985
e 1 151 1.732522
e 2 151 0.208994
e 3 151 -0.481663
e 151 4 0.304013
e 151 5 -0.004460
e 151 6 -0.291180
e 0 152 -3.406747
e 1 161 -7.684149
e 2 152 -3.107541
e 3 152 0.930387
e 152 158 -0.529206
e 152 5 -0.262815
e 152 159 -1.394733
e 0 153 -0.711558
e 1 153 0.899721
e 2 153 0.759801
e 3 153 0.240209
e 153 4 -0.031847
e 153 157 -0.043010
e 153 6 0.072736
e 0 154 -0.126471
e 1 154 -0.926394
e 2 154 -0.344922
e 3 154 1.494536
e 154 4 -0.066514
e 154 5 0.001613
e 154 6 -0.155998
e 0 155 -0.062911
e 1 155 -0.203282
e 2 155 0.112189
e 3 155 0.312514
e 155 4 0.018201
e 155 5 -0.019555
e 155 163 -0.087643
e 0 156 0.533429
e 1 156 1.415406
e 2 156 0.813662
e 3 156 -0.616445
e 156 4 1.371321
e 156 5 1.265685
e 156 6 1.344438
e 155 153 0.791105
e 157 160 0.382214
e 156 149 -0.315024
e 158 4 1.163792
e 159 6 0.134325
e 160 5 -0.397346
e 161 162 1.896455
e 158 159 1.399275
e 162 152 -2.250962
e 163 6 0.304607
e 158 150 0.266987
e 0 164 -0.167497
e 1 164 -0.995082
e 2 164 -0.338314
e 3 164 0.270610
e 164 4 0.780557
e 164 5 -0.229595
e 164 6 -0.611060
e 0 165 -0.072936
e 1 165 0.007913
e 2 207 -0.131740
e 3 169 -0.574307
e 165 4 -0.017580
e 165 5 -0.166497
e 165 6 0.139059
e 0 166 0.908005
e 1 166 1.091305
e 2 166 0.942266
e 3 166 -0.971118
e 166 4 1.127658
e 166 5 -0.266650
e 166 6 -0.453356
e 0 167 -5.092479
e 1 167 -4.284991
e 2 167 -1.484740
e 3 167 -1.011945
e 167 4 -0.027782
e 167 168 -0.076908
e 167 6 -0.048500
e 168 5 0.420989
e 162 4 0.011420
e 169 165 -0.390448
e 164 168 -0.265532
e 0 170 -4.107808
e 1 170 -1.928626
e 2 170 -4.261218
e 3 176 -1.560636
e 170 4 0.010929
e 170 5 -0.128866
e 170 174 0.403261
e 0 171 0.079218
e 1 171 0.600490
e 2 177 0.144638
e 3 171 -0.993813
e 171 4 -0.072430
e 171 5 0.155782
e 171 6 -0.034613
e 0 172 -4.110796
e 1 172 -4.447785
e 2 172 -1.473537
e 3 172 2.540596
e 172 4 0.010198
e 172 5 0.013061
e 172 6 0.081735
e 0 173 -0.538825
e 1 175 -0.434645
e 2 173 2.192438
e 3 173 -0.734804
e 173 4 -0.158977
e 173 5 -0.126882
e 173 6 -0.159966
e 174 6 -0.508583
e 175 173 1.358442
e 176 170 0.825466
e 177 171 0.677430
e 173 176 -0.121657
e 0 178 -0.431147
e 1 186 -0.367036
e 2 185 -0.389254
e 3 178 0.184524
e 178 4 -0.235879
e 178 183 -0.113068
e 178 6 -0.292365
e 0 208 1.030554
e 1 179 1.159559
e 2 179 -0.220919
e 3 179 0.309078
e 179 4 -0.150876
e 179 5 -0.207597
e 179 6 -0.115347
e 0 180 1.142366
e 1 180 -1.102179
e 2 180 -0.265606
e 3 184 -0.559986
e 180 4 0.083642
e 180 5 0.080341
e 180 6 0.111771
e 0 181 0.243692
e 1 182 1.166996
e 2 181 -0.470735
e 3 181 -1.300540
e 181 4 -0.105314
e 181 5 -0.089495
e 181 6 -0.090831
e 182 181 1.211116
e 183 5 0.111910
e 184 180 -1.267317
e 185 178 -0.435429
e 177 183 -1.143849
e 186 178 0.895855
e 180 185 -0.268337
e 0 187 -0.198621
e 1 187 -0.392401
e 2 187 -0.593018
e 3 187 1.494264
e 187 4 0.017777
e 187 5 -0.094514
e 187 6 -0.124833
e 0 188 1.565936
e 1 188 -1.432012
e 2 188 -0.217338
e 3 188 2.184199
e 188 4 -0.049187
e 188 5 -0.075904
e 188 6 -0.073700
e 0 189 -0.021891
e 1 189 -0.699949
e 2 189 1.922729
e 3 189 0.078727
e 189 4 -0.610937
e 189 5 -0.065068
e 189 6 -0.324674
e 0 190 -5.546330
e 1 190 -5.942855
e 2 190 -1.658276
e 3 190 -3.000138
e 190 4 0.353830
e 190 191 -0.234615
e 190 6 0.080727
e 191 5 -0.506562
e 191 187 0.428702
e 0 201 -3.610762
e 1 192 1.168635
e 2 192 1.061966
e 3 192 -1.259586
e 192 4 -0.014608
e 192 5 -0.038436
e 192 6 -0.034179
e 0 193 0.980267
e 1 193 0.182402
e 2 193 -0.546637
e 3 193 -1.981449
e 193 4 -0.091036
e 193 5 -0.059257
e 193 6 -0.148557
e 0 194 -0.075808
e 1 194 1.309331
e 2 194 -0.276163
e 3 194 -1.802500
e 194 205 -0.268936
e 194 5 0.141108
e 194 6 0.107396
e 0 195 1.984819
e 1 195 1.894842
e 2 195 -0.280784
e 3 195 2.435765
e 195 4 0.352936
e 195 5 0.098822
e 195 6 1.093510
e 0 196 -1.993168
e 1 196 -0.178153
e 2 196 -2.675135
e 3 202 0.145685
e 196 4 -0.035591
e 196 5 -0.023488
e 196 6 -0.036504
e 0 197 -5.061253
e 1 197 -4.361439
e 2 197 -2.700216
e 3 197 -2.272034
e 197 4 -0.039948
e 197 5 -0.036921
e 197 204 0.091505
e 0 198 -0.018430
e 1 203 -0.446950
e 2 198 1.411230
e 3 198 0.885942
e 198 4 -1.249758
e 198 5 -1.376187
e 198 6 -0.740036
e 0 200 -9.302566
e 1 199 -6.003026
e 2 199 -5.533921
e 3 199 -4.320112
e 199 4 -0.008562
e 199 5 -0.007929
e 199 6 -0.015079
e 200 199 -0.691021
e 193 192 -0.187933
e 3 200 0.503723
e 201 192 -0.935444
e 197 199 0.771877
e 202 196 0.995841
e 203 198 -0.597507
e 200 202 -1.569051
e 163 149 -0.494434
e 204 6 -0.382709
e 205 4 -0.448920
e 206 6 -0.382484
e 202 194 0.486511
e 171 167 -1.141467
e 207 165 -0.405507
e 208 179 0.857411
e 209 5 3.245202
e 66 169 -0.576032
