n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden relu
n 8 hidden tanh
n 9 hidden gaussian
n 10 hidden tanh
n 11 hidden sigmoid
n 12 hidden relu
n 13 hidden tanh
n 14 hidden identity
n 15 hidden gaussian
n 16 hidden gaussian
n 17 hidden gaussian
n 18 hidden sine
n 19 hidden relu
n 20 hidden identity
n 21 hidden relu
n 22 hidden sine
n 23 hidden identity
n 24 hidden gaussian
n 25 hidden gaussian
n 26 hidden tanh
n 27 hidden tanh
n 28 hidden tanh
n 29 hidden sigmoid
n 30 hidden sine
n 31 hidden identity
n 32 hidden gaussian
n 33 hidden gaussian
n 34 hidden tanh
n 35 hidden gaussian
n 36 hidden relu
n 37 hidden sine
n 38 hidden identity
n 39 hidden tanh
n 40 hidden identity
n 41 hidden sine
n 42 hidden identity
n 43 hidden sine
n 44 hidden tanh
n 45 hidden identity
n 46 hidden identity
n 47 hidden tanh
n 48 hidden sigmoid
n 49 hidden tanh
n 50 hidden gaussian
n 51 hidden tanh
n 52 hidden sine
n 53 hidden identity
n 54 hidden identity
n 55 hidden identity
n 56 hidden gaussian
n 57 hidden gaussian
n 58 hidden sigmoid
n 59 hidden tanh
n 60 hidden relu
n 61 hidden identity
n 62 hidden sine
n 63 hidden tanh
n 64 hidden gaussian
n 65 hidden identity
n 66 hidden gaussian
n 67 hidden identity
n 68 hidden relu
n 69 hidden relu
n 70 hidden sine
n 71 hidden sigmoid
n 72 hidden gaussian
n 73 hidden sigmoid
n 74 hidden sine
n 75 hidden sine
n 76 hidden tanh
n 77 hidden sigmoid
n 78 hidden gaussian
n 79 hidden tanh
n 80 hidden relu
n 81 hidden identity
n 82 hidden relu
n 83 hidden sine
n 84 hidden identity
n 85 hidden gaussian
n 86 hidden gaussian
n 87 hidden tanh
n 88 hidden tanh
n 89 hidden gaussian
n 90 hidden sigmoid
n 91 hidden gaussian
n 92 hidden sine
n 93 hidden relu
n 94 hidden relu
n 95 hidden sigmoid
n 96 hidden gaussian
n 97 hidden relu
n 98 hidden identity
n 99 hidden sigmoid
n 100 hidden tanh
n 101 hidden gaussian
n 102 hidden sine
n 103 hidden sine
n 104 hidden gaussian
n 105 hidden sine
n 106 hidden gaussian
n 107 hidden relu
n 108 hidden relu
n 109 hidden sine
n 110 hidden gaussian
n 111 hidden sigmoid
n 112 hidden tanh
n 113 hidden identity
n 114 hidden tanh
n 115 hidden gaussian
n 116 hidden identity
n 117 hidden identity
n 118 hidden gaussian
n 119 hidden gaussian
n 120 hidden sigmoid
n 121 hidden tanh
n 122 hidden relu
n 123 hidden identity
n 124 hidden sine
n 125 hidden gaussian
n 126 hidden relu
n 127 hidden tanh
n 128 hidden relu
n 129 hidden sine
n 130 hidden tanh
n 131 hidden relu
n 132 hidden sigmoid
n 133 hidden sine
n 134 hidden sine
n 135 hidden sine
n 136 hidden tanh
n 137 hidden sine
n 138 hidden sine
n 139 hidden identity
n 140 hidden identity
n 141 hidden relu
n 142 hidden relu
n 143 hidden sine
n 144 hidden gaussian
n 145 hidden relu
n 146 hidden sine
n 147 hidden identity
n 148 hidden tanh
n 149 hidden identity
n 150 hidden sine
n 151 hidden identity
n 152 hidden sine
n 153 hidden tanh
n 154 hidden identity
n 155 hidden identity
n 156 hidden tanh
n 157 hidden sigmoid
n 158 hidden tanh
n 159 hidden gaussian
n 160 hidden gaussian
n 161 hidden gaussian
n 162 hidden identity
n 163 hidden sigmoid
n 164 hidden sigmoid
n 165 hidden gaussian
n 166 hidden gaussian
n 167 hidden tanh
n 168 hidden relu
n 169 hidden sigmoid
n 170 hidden sine
n 171 hidden sine
n 172 hidden sine
n 173 hidden tanh
n 174 hidden sine
n 175 hidden sine
n 176 hidden identity
n 177 hidden identity
n 178 hidden relu
n 179 hidden relu
n 180 hidden sine
n 181 hidden gaussian
n 182 hidden relu
n 183 hidden sine
n 184 hidden identity
n 185 hidden tanh
n 186 hidden identity
n 187 hidden sine
n 188 hidden identity
n 189 hidden sine
n 190 hidden tanh
n 191 hidden identity
n 192 hidden identity
n 193 hidden tanh
n 194 hidden sigmoid
n 195 hidden tanh
n 196 hidden gaussian
n 197 hidden gaussian
n 198 hidden gaussian
n 199 hidden identity
n 200 hidden sigmoid
n 201 hidden sigmoid
n 202 hidden gaussian
n 203 hidden gaussian
n 204 hidden tanh
n 205 hidden relu
n 206 hidden sigmoid
n 207 hidden tanh
n 208 hidden sigmoid
n 209 hidden sigmoid
n 210 hidden sigmoid
n 211 hidden tanh
n 212 hidden relu
n 213 hidden identity
n 214 hidden relu
n 215 hidden sigmoid
n 216 hidden tanh
n 217 hidden identity
n 218 hidden tanh
n 219 hidden gaussian
n 220 hidden sigmoid
n 221 hidden tanh
n 222 hidden gaussian
n 223 hidden sine
n 224 hidden sine
n 225 hidden identity
n 226 hidden sigmoid
n 227 hidden identity
n 228 hidden identity
n 229 hidden gaussian
n 230 hidden gaussian
n 231 hidden sigmoid
n 232 hidden tanh
n 233 hidden relu
n 234 hidden identity
n 235 hidden sine
n 236 hidden tanh
n 237 hidden gaussian
e 0 7 -18.096252
e 1 7 -19.230292
e 2 7 -8.542424
e 3 7 -1.496127
e 7 4 -0.367880
e 7 5 0.190019
e 7 6 -0.385486
e 0 8 -0.416083
e 1 8 -0.628669
e 2 8 0.179707
e 3 34 -1.450497
e 8 4 -0.312955
e 8 5 0.138010
e 8 6 -0.646550
e 0 9 -0.698961
e 1 9 -0.142066
e 2 9 -1.891931
e 3 68 -2.369011
e 9 31 1.078272
e 9 5 -0.343709
e 9 6 -0.828648
e 0 10 1.887461
e 1 10 0.767119
e 2 10 0.067221
e 3 10 -1.004643
e 10 4 -0.027589
e 10 29 0.092594
e 10 6 -0.066091
e 0 11 -0.343019
e 1 11 2.435376
e 2 11 0.539585
e 3 11 0.327862
e 11 4 -0.129317
e 11 5 -0.256549
e 11 6 -0.208482
e 0 12 -3.970342
e 1 12 -1.043823
e 2 12 -3.896629
e 3 12 -2.151350
e 12 4 0.044704
e 12 5 -0.029464
e 12 6 0.001663
e 0 13 0.954479
e 1 67 -3.225111
e 2 13 -1.247272
e 3 33 -0.149089
e 13 4 0.030001
e 13 5 0.016212
e 13 6 0.015200
e 0 14 0.089344
e 1 14 0.850467
e 2 14 0.058869
e 3 14 -1.207493
e 14 4 0.021001
e 14 5 0.042974
e 14 6 -0.005486
e 0 15 -1.401186
e 1 15 -0.693772
e 2 15 -0.000497
e 3 15 -1.049187
e 15 4 0.646707
e 15 5 -0.219482
e 15 6 -0.339426
e 0 16 -0.370704
e 1 16 -1.246843
e 2 16 0.760014
e 3 16 -0.270925
e 16 4 -0.231898
e 16 5 -0.252318
e 16 6 -0.597182
e 0 17 -2.598387
e 1 17 1.702763
e 2 17 0.627159
e 3 17 -0.104429
e 17 4 0.282729
e 17 5 0.172663
e 17 6 0.185306
e 0 18 4.340288
e 1 30 3.329187
e 2 18 4.457233
e 3 18 2.215325
e 18 4 -0.035049
e 18 66 -0.088888
e 18 6 -0.011886
e 0 19 -11.705102
e 1 19 -3.634130
e 2 19 -7.350364
e 3 19 -4.279765
e 19 4 -0.045571
e 19 5 -0.115343
e 19 6 -0.144550
e 0 20 0.218119
e 1 20 0.293835
e 2 20 -0.884748
e 3 209 0.757022
e 20 4 -0.048824
e 20 5 0.007637
e 20 6 -0.022418
e 0 21 -3.708538
e 1 21 -1.407229
e 2 21 -2.457343
e 3 21 -0.988672
e 21 4 0.065019
e 21 5 0.004883
e 21 6 0.065896
e 0 22 -0.885234
e 1 22 1.048339
e 2 22 -1.295857
e 3 22 1.146789
e 22 4 0.072008
e 22 5 0.090387
e 22 6 0.054674
e 0 23 -0.197430
e 1 23 0.574567
e 2 23 -0.222913
e 3 32 -0.632913
e 23 4 0.021015
e 23 5 0.021934
e 23 6 0.004154
e 0 27 -0.026225
e 1 24 -1.180294
e 2 24 -1.304382
e 3 24 0.338410
e 24 4 0.196386
e 24 5 -0.072146
e 24 6 0.035107
e 0 25 2.628491
e 1 25 -1.254189
e 2 25 -0.912828
e 3 25 -0.179819
e 25 4 -0.279027
e 25 5 -0.229283
e 25 6 -0.350076
e 0 26 -0.244541
e 1 26 -1.132901
e 2 26 0.381398
e 3 26 0.932451
e 26 4 0.151859
e 26 5 0.202317
e 26 28 -0.704021
e 27 24 -1.467001
e 22 27 1.994989
e 28 6 -0.255586
e 29 5 0.387315
e 30 18 0.264565
e 31 4 -0.677376
e 32 23 0.499394
e 12 26 0.077256
e 19 8 -1.742066
e 33 13 -0.196152
e 7 25 0.237718
e 34 8 0.503576
e 0 35 -0.136792
e 1 35 0.699249
e 2 35 0.473781
e 3 35 1.566912
e 35 4 1.967350
e 35 5 -0.357563
e 35 6 0.752947
e 0 36 -9.762528
e 1 36 -5.435207
e 2 36 -8.059561
e 3 36 -3.889907
e 36 4 -0.405390
e 36 5 -0.310321
e 36 6 -0.374911
e 0 37 3.551412
e 1 37 1.536403
e 2 37 -0.552480
e 3 37 1.077555
e 37 4 0.000076
e 37 5 0.077899
e 37 49 -0.018171
e 0 38 0.121927
e 1 38 -0.102239
e 2 38 0.066367
e 3 38 -0.280261
e 38 4 -0.033426
e 38 5 0.018068
e 38 6 -0.006987
e 0 50 0.523383
e 1 39 0.975153
e 2 39 -1.021814
e 3 39 0.741308
e 39 4 0.391972
e 39 5 0.454838
e 39 6 0.474060
e 0 52 -0.132575
e 1 53 -0.815793
e 2 65 0.373248
e 3 40 0.255217
e 40 4 0.089508
e 40 5 -0.062021
e 40 6 0.067261
e 0 41 0.393979
e 1 41 -0.872714
e 2 41 -1.309171
e 3 41 1.154104
e 41 4 -0.077900
e 41 5 -0.034806
e 41 6 -0.094476
e 0 42 -0.079552
e 1 48 -0.033873
e 2 42 -0.219545
e 3 42 0.566130
e 42 4 0.007424
e 42 5 -0.068393
e 42 6 0.066101
e 0 43 0.471210
e 1 43 1.901697
e 2 43 0.682728
e 3 43 2.133309
e 43 4 0.129515
e 43 5 0.186322
e 43 6 0.257374
e 0 44 1.334590
e 1 44 0.684964
e 2 44 0.880587
e 3 44 -0.226964
e 44 4 0.237484
e 44 5 0.254609
e 44 6 0.316011
e 0 45 -0.322180
e 1 45 0.738258
e 2 45 -0.106687
e 3 51 -0.138411
e 45 4 0.065701
e 45 5 0.002985
e 45 6 0.017527
e 0 46 -0.361218
e 1 46 0.075854
e 2 46 -0.586391
e 3 46 1.505045
e 46 4 0.016126
e 46 47 -0.247519
e 46 6 -0.020889
e 47 5 0.014778
e 1 47 1.645799
e 48 42 -0.188926
e 49 6 0.598485
e 50 39 -0.224101
e 51 45 -0.482548
e 52 40 0.664490
e 53 40 0.158520
e 49 52 -1.199680
e 0 54 0.429837
e 1 54 -0.962834
e 2 54 -0.285445
e 3 69 1.964109
e 54 4 -0.002813
e 54 5 -0.049839
e 54 6 -0.018791
e 0 55 0.344066
e 1 55 0.347401
e 2 55 -0.100768
e 3 55 -0.863270
e 55 63 1.104743
e 55 5 -0.129639
e 55 6 0.064757
e 0 56 0.696484
e 1 56 0.069719
e 2 56 0.335543
e 3 64 1.013343
e 56 4 0.327804
e 56 5 -1.823101
e 56 6 0.193249
e 0 57 0.980007
e 1 57 1.580681
e 2 57 -0.104752
e 3 57 -1.186089
e 57 4 1.590840
e 57 5 1.240447
e 57 6 1.661445
e 0 58 -0.011551
e 1 58 1.444931
e 2 58 1.470502
e 3 58 -0.769005
e 58 4 0.428829
e 58 5 -0.858741
e 58 6 -0.053966
e 0 59 -0.909092
e 1 59 0.067786
e 2 59 0.922696
e 3 59 0.013107
e 59 4 -0.113569
e 59 5 -0.107256
e 59 6 -0.175439
e 0 60 -6.099520
e 1 60 -5.712998
e 2 60 -3.951573
e 3 60 -3.348937
e 60 4 -0.688261
e 60 5 0.845858
e 60 62 -0.218875
e 0 61 -0.005719
e 1 61 -0.558361
e 2 61 -0.579096
e 3 61 1.322054
e 61 4 -0.012333
e 61 5 -0.060828
e 61 6 0.010567
e 1 4 -0.078013
e 61 58 0.494474
e 62 6 0.600367
e 63 4 0.127356
e 64 56 0.922537
e 62 57 -0.425001
e 65 40 0.250507
e 51 56 -0.151645
e 63 43 1.504928
e 23 65 -0.023897
e 66 5 -0.153517
e 43 65 0.391105
e 67 13 -1.115722
e 55 28 1.004601
e 68 9 3.035283
e 66 59 0.973908
e 69 54 0.154551
e 48 53 -0.488050
e 0 70 3.265442
e 1 70 1.552002
e 2 70 0.026976
e 3 70 1.130910
e 70 4 -0.112373
e 70 5 -0.118831
e 70 6 -0.090836
e 0 71 0.770755
e 1 71 2.860905
e 2 78 -1.320168
e 3 71 -2.301344
e 71 4 0.024059
e 71 5 -0.082029
e 71 6 -0.029681
e 0 72 -1.689461
e 1 72 -0.776128
e 2 72 -1.337894
e 3 72 0.044019
e 72 4 0.501306
e 72 5 -0.562398
e 72 6 0.449687
e 0 73 1.639279
e 1 73 0.486626
e 2 73 -1.323499
e 3 73 -0.313806
e 73 4 0.016330
e 73 5 -0.019396
e 73 6 0.159256
e 0 74 3.382354
e 1 74 0.766666
e 2 74 1.834872
e 3 74 -1.331606
e 74 4 0.024690
e 74 5 0.055320
e 74 6 0.044209
e 0 75 0.096305
e 1 75 -0.180602
e 2 75 -0.968010
e 3 75 1.136209
e 75 79 -0.359551
e 75 5 0.017052
e 75 6 0.045272
e 0 76 1.215669
e 1 76 0.414455
e 2 76 1.554934
e 3 76 -0.788554
e 76 4 0.327972
e 76 5 0.418716
e 76 6 0.570230
e 0 77 0.719812
e 1 77 2.518898
e 2 77 0.479898
e 3 77 -1.415353
e 77 4 -0.107323
e 77 5 -0.306790
e 77 6 -0.239200
e 78 71 0.010339
e 79 89 -0.761407
e 79 76 0.822819
e 0 80 -10.526662
e 1 80 -4.018817
e 2 80 -7.149916
e 3 80 -4.192602
e 80 4 0.194083
e 80 5 0.151276
e 80 6 0.034811
e 0 81 0.112293
e 1 81 0.206767
e 2 81 -1.052343
e 3 81 0.786823
e 81 4 0.053443
e 81 5 -0.020760
e 81 6 -0.052979
e 0 82 -3.387751
e 1 82 -0.558418
e 2 82 -2.301729
e 3 82 -0.933426
e 82 4 0.384600
e 82 5 0.283866
e 82 6 0.208558
e 0 83 -0.974981
e 1 83 0.764815
e 2 83 -1.656376
e 3 83 0.752564
e 83 4 -0.111996
e 83 5 -0.111892
e 83 6 -0.100823
e 0 84 -0.201899
e 1 84 1.423738
e 2 84 -0.041826
e 3 84 -0.951948
e 84 4 0.064245
e 84 5 0.027021
e 84 6 0.025878
e 0 88 0.115445
e 1 85 -1.043943
e 2 85 -1.606222
e 3 85 0.168844
e 85 4 -0.561064
e 85 5 -0.554905
e 85 6 -0.401796
e 0 86 2.087988
e 1 86 -1.026894
e 2 86 -0.340199
e 3 86 -0.167067
e 86 4 -0.318546
e 86 5 -0.326094
e 86 6 -0.159562
e 0 87 0.013497
e 1 87 -1.332138
e 2 87 0.869939
e 3 87 0.278070
e 87 4 0.419106
e 87 5 0.387116
e 87 6 0.349694
e 88 85 -1.514810
e 89 4 -0.375600
e 76 72 0.383752
e 0 5 -0.053268
e 84 76 0.796195
e 0 95 -0.341439
e 1 90 0.744141
e 2 90 0.423206
e 3 90 0.875582
e 90 4 -0.115056
e 90 5 -0.072543
e 90 6 0.195289
e 0 91 0.144567
e 1 91 0.167432
e 2 91 1.419312
e 3 91 0.065145
e 91 4 -0.826721
e 91 5 -0.486657
e 91 6 -0.853341
e 0 92 -0.741530
e 1 92 1.157415
e 2 92 1.582841
e 3 92 0.245750
e 92 4 0.052020
e 92 94 -0.069899
e 92 6 0.054613
e 0 93 -1.549372
e 1 93 -0.554081
e 2 93 -0.601004
e 3 93 0.095182
e 93 4 0.000857
e 93 5 0.026339
e 93 96 0.366385
e 94 5 0.114779
e 95 90 0.467556
e 96 6 -0.443524
e 1 97 1.079629
e 88 4 0.320279
e 97 96 0.824600
e 97 95 2.816064
e 0 107 -2.972293
e 1 98 1.077767
e 2 98 0.782274
e 3 98 -1.522653
e 98 4 -0.025208
e 98 5 0.056137
e 98 6 -0.004365
e 0 99 1.773110
e 1 99 -0.809160
e 2 99 0.066038
e 3 99 -1.729438
e 99 4 -0.246418
e 99 5 -0.255444
e 99 6 -0.239458
e 0 100 0.024732
e 1 100 1.177315
e 2 100 -0.050636
e 3 100 -1.847050
e 100 4 0.242277
e 100 5 0.209113
e 100 110 0.488688
e 0 101 1.986179
e 1 101 1.898269
e 2 101 -0.181077
e 3 101 2.472192
e 101 4 0.283062
e 101 5 0.047158
e 101 6 1.032034
e 0 102 -1.979886
e 1 102 -0.028291
e 2 102 -2.487513
e 3 108 0.077897
e 102 4 0.120545
e 102 5 0.038843
e 102 6 0.018651
e 0 103 -5.238009
e 1 103 -4.501989
e 2 103 -3.002283
e 3 103 -2.550971
e 103 4 0.006894
e 103 5 -0.018360
e 103 6 0.005580
e 0 104 -0.031912
e 1 104 -0.231084
e 2 104 1.479950
e 3 104 1.112712
e 104 4 -1.213313
e 104 5 -0.948395
e 104 109 -0.572926
e 0 106 -9.307129
e 1 105 -6.188857
e 2 105 -5.906173
e 3 105 -4.658583
e 105 4 0.009557
e 105 5 0.015738
e 105 6 -0.000590
e 106 105 -0.742582
e 99 98 -0.404181
e 3 106 0.451743
e 107 98 -0.629136
e 103 105 0.735823
e 108 102 0.688665
e 2 106 0.648498
e 109 6 0.522069
e 108 98 1.422025
e 105 104 0.141299
e 110 6 -0.310727
e 90 108 0.119505
e 102 84 -1.033987
e 72 104 0.907342
e 0 111 -0.660889
e 1 111 1.994648
e 2 111 -2.025329
e 3 111 -0.457091
e 111 4 -0.267058
e 111 5 -0.133536
e 111 6 -0.120976
e 0 112 1.288224
e 1 112 0.094629
e 2 112 0.400694
e 3 112 -0.627501
e 112 4 0.106680
e 112 5 0.060005
e 112 128 -0.887164
e 0 113 0.145441
e 1 126 0.088113
e 2 113 0.048531
e 3 113 -0.190312
e 113 4 0.045112
e 113 5 -0.054942
e 113 6 0.023348
e 0 114 1.500013
e 1 114 -1.264394
e 2 114 1.094262
e 3 114 -0.375921
e 114 115 1.595456
e 114 5 0.003555
e 114 6 -0.106610
e 115 4 0.235741
e 0 127 -0.203608
e 1 116 -1.138778
e 2 116 -0.345314
e 3 116 2.265619
e 116 4 0.039595
e 116 5 -0.089957
e 116 6 -0.099678
e 0 125 -0.014545
e 1 117 0.318901
e 2 117 0.072953
e 3 117 -0.547026
e 117 4 0.313466
e 117 5 -0.323158
e 117 6 0.210707
e 0 118 0.332970
e 1 118 -0.464267
e 2 118 0.533486
e 3 118 0.987773
e 118 4 -0.261470
e 118 5 -2.009341
e 118 6 -0.338324
e 0 119 0.821546
e 1 119 1.359239
e 2 119 0.723302
e 3 119 -0.917123
e 119 4 1.629161
e 119 5 0.900785
e 119 6 1.349353
e 0 120 0.007743
e 1 120 1.440344
e 2 120 1.473049
e 3 120 -0.771436
e 120 4 0.446743
e 120 5 -0.731098
e 120 6 0.552220
e 0 121 -0.930944
e 1 121 0.145313
e 2 121 0.932570
e 3 121 0.037947
e 121 4 0.006911
e 121 5 -0.089878
e 121 6 -0.025476
e 0 122 -11.303638
e 1 122 -5.265629
e 2 122 -5.238740
e 3 122 -3.577466
e 122 4 -0.674705
e 122 5 0.947763
e 122 124 0.034796
e 0 123 0.236368
e 1 123 -0.076023
e 2 123 0.078964
e 3 129 1.211777
e 123 4 -0.098643
e 123 5 0.067546
e 123 6 -0.017008
e 1 4 -0.078013
e 123 120 0.495363
e 124 6 0.439666
e 125 117 0.282169
e 123 113 0.373337
e 126 113 -2.150159
e 127 116 0.860629
e 128 6 -0.620812
e 129 123 -0.672065
e 119 71 1.404695
e 0 130 -0.960039
e 1 130 0.574183
e 2 130 -0.347272
e 3 130 0.395404
e 130 4 0.039361
e 130 5 0.048191
e 130 6 0.035116
e 0 131 -2.149538
e 1 131 -0.452298
e 2 204 0.708409
e 3 134 -3.898514
e 131 136 -0.222550
e 131 5 0.004666
e 131 6 -0.004428
e 0 132 -0.825501
e 1 132 -0.880427
e 2 132 1.736210
e 3 132 2.221898
e 132 4 -0.005473
e 132 5 -0.016813
e 132 6 -0.017440
e 0 133 0.450506
e 1 133 0.503120
e 2 133 -0.971899
e 3 133 -0.558972
e 133 135 0.044839
e 133 5 0.025752
e 133 6 0.046584
e 134 131 1.567437
e 135 4 1.703478
e 136 4 0.696881
e 3 6 0.029914
e 137 131 -2.443538
e 0 138 -0.194773
e 1 138 -0.302422
e 2 142 1.342784
e 3 138 -1.284218
e 138 4 -0.067550
e 138 5 -0.102109
e 138 6 -0.149646
e 0 139 -0.059537
e 1 139 0.091104
e 2 139 -0.048958
e 3 164 0.108904
e 139 4 -0.164714
e 139 5 0.055626
e 139 6 0.063271
e 0 140 0.218152
e 1 140 0.498030
e 2 206 0.235634
e 3 140 -0.416092
e 140 4 0.027214
e 140 5 -0.012594
e 140 6 -0.007254
e 0 141 -10.525839
e 1 141 -5.169914
e 2 141 -5.139170
e 3 141 -3.201257
e 141 4 0.106192
e 141 5 -0.072619
e 141 6 -0.171538
e 142 138 1.279524
e 3 143 0.102934
e 143 142 0.601567
e 0 144 0.013918
e 1 144 0.733540
e 2 144 0.357153
e 3 144 1.508293
e 144 4 2.042819
e 144 5 -0.097799
e 144 6 0.821897
e 0 145 -10.542562
e 1 145 -5.372811
e 2 145 -8.490933
e 3 145 -4.490035
e 145 4 -0.265458
e 145 5 -0.122088
e 145 6 -0.149480
e 0 146 3.619176
e 1 146 1.534474
e 2 146 -0.521283
e 3 146 1.071610
e 146 4 0.018887
e 146 5 -0.014775
e 146 158 0.016239
e 0 147 0.136444
e 1 147 -0.077306
e 2 147 0.055956
e 3 147 -0.326817
e 147 4 -0.056054
e 147 5 0.049261
e 147 6 -0.022725
e 0 165 0.476440
e 1 148 0.318308
e 2 148 -0.003604
e 3 148 0.380289
e 148 4 -0.102119
e 148 5 -0.321280
e 148 6 -0.321622
e 0 149 -0.061133
e 1 149 -0.474293
e 2 149 0.369095
e 3 149 0.203986
e 149 4 0.063825
e 149 5 -0.050999
e 149 6 0.030101
e 0 150 0.344277
e 1 150 -0.426375
e 2 150 -1.543022
e 3 150 1.240538
e 150 4 0.045422
e 150 205 -0.124629
e 150 6 0.023563
e 0 151 0.068964
e 1 157 -0.033871
e 2 166 -0.224051
e 3 151 0.562196
e 151 4 -0.017536
e 151 5 -0.085890
e 151 6 0.106375
e 0 152 0.834203
e 1 152 1.866134
e 2 152 0.578625
e 3 152 2.227422
e 152 4 -0.051597
e 152 5 -0.031047
e 152 6 -0.047546
e 0 153 1.292184
e 1 153 0.681025
e 2 153 0.912303
e 3 153 -0.233564
e 153 4 0.377425
e 153 5 0.442859
e 153 6 0.541464
e 0 154 -0.228846
e 1 154 0.747827
e 2 154 0.108030
e 3 154 -0.355110
e 154 4 0.071455
e 154 5 -0.017446
e 154 6 0.047236
e 0 155 -0.303833
e 1 155 0.109577
e 2 155 -0.670215
e 3 155 1.416580
e 155 4 0.010088
e 155 156 -0.240829
e 155 6 -0.071191
e 156 5 -0.023648
e 1 156 1.642105
e 157 151 -0.206252
e 158 6 0.524891
e 159 148 -0.424813
e 0 160 -0.559048
e 1 160 1.851112
e 2 160 0.303479
e 3 160 -0.737802
e 160 4 -0.062797
e 160 5 0.001085
e 160 6 -0.096556
e 0 161 1.831046
e 1 161 0.906775
e 2 161 -0.647057
e 3 161 0.875366
e 161 4 -0.975425
e 161 5 -0.518007
e 161 6 -1.037747
e 0 162 0.031025
e 1 162 -0.648594
e 2 162 -0.544132
e 3 162 1.277613
e 162 4 -0.001618
e 162 5 -0.076201
e 162 6 -0.025914
e 0 163 -0.829100
e 1 163 0.334557
e 2 163 1.766394
e 3 163 -0.170764
e 163 4 0.061609
e 163 5 0.061556
e 163 6 0.053631
e 3 5 0.150751
e 164 139 0.210078
e 165 159 1.463832
e 166 151 -1.657868
e 140 159 -2.292969
e 0 167 -0.960039
e 1 167 0.574183
e 2 167 -0.347272
e 3 167 0.395404
e 167 4 0.039361
e 167 5 0.048191
e 167 6 0.035116
e 0 168 -1.673293
e 1 168 -0.117030
e 2 174 1.135002
e 3 171 -3.516809
e 168 173 -0.218630
e 168 207 0.142044
e 168 6 0.209790
e 0 169 -0.825501
e 1 169 -0.880427
e 2 169 1.736210
e 3 169 2.221898
e 169 4 -0.005473
e 169 5 -0.016813
e 169 6 -0.017440
e 0 170 0.450506
e 1 170 0.503120
e 2 170 -0.971899
e 3 170 -0.558972
e 170 172 0.044839
e 170 5 0.025752
e 170 6 0.046584
e 171 168 1.740687
e 172 4 1.703478
e 173 4 0.652789
e 3 6 0.029914
e 174 168 -2.540449
e 0 175 -0.194773
e 1 175 -0.302422
e 2 179 1.342784
e 3 175 -1.284218
e 175 4 -0.067550
e 175 5 -0.102109
e 175 6 -0.149646
e 0 176 -0.059537
e 1 176 0.091104
e 2 176 -0.048958
e 3 201 0.108904
e 176 4 -0.164714
e 176 5 0.055626
e 176 6 0.063271
e 0 177 -0.042834
e 1 177 0.373073
e 2 177 0.238348
e 3 177 -0.591547
e 177 4 0.071285
e 177 5 0.007803
e 177 6 -0.011745
e 0 178 -10.525839
e 1 178 -5.169914
e 2 178 -5.139170
e 3 178 -3.201257
e 178 4 0.106192
e 178 5 -0.072619
e 178 6 -0.171538
e 179 175 1.279524
e 3 180 0.102934
e 180 179 0.601567
e 0 181 0.013918
e 1 181 0.733540
e 2 181 0.357153
e 3 181 1.508293
e 181 4 2.042819
e 181 5 -0.097799
e 181 6 0.821897
e 0 182 -10.542666
e 1 182 -5.372822
e 2 182 -8.491020
e 3 182 -4.490112
e 182 4 -0.265458
e 182 5 -0.122088
e 182 6 -0.149480
e 0 183 3.619176
e 1 183 1.534474
e 2 183 -0.521283
e 3 183 1.071610
e 183 4 0.018887
e 183 5 -0.014775
e 183 195 0.016239
e 0 184 0.136444
e 1 184 -0.077306
e 2 184 0.055956
e 3 184 -0.326817
e 184 4 -0.056054
e 184 5 0.049261
e 184 6 -0.022725
e 0 202 0.479020
e 1 185 0.289746
e 2 185 0.040998
e 3 185 0.368900
e 185 208 -0.209333
e 185 5 -0.534219
e 185 6 -0.421803
e 0 186 -0.061133
e 1 186 -0.474293
e 2 186 0.369095
e 3 186 0.203986
e 186 4 0.063825
e 186 5 -0.050999
e 186 6 0.030101
e 0 187 0.301623
e 1 187 -0.413963
e 2 187 -1.455377
e 3 187 1.248174
e 187 4 0.014999
e 187 5 0.048745
e 187 6 0.018963
e 0 188 0.066776
e 1 194 -0.033941
e 2 203 -0.253658
e 3 188 0.560065
e 188 4 -0.020540
e 188 5 -0.085296
e 188 6 0.110529
e 0 189 0.834203
e 1 189 1.866134
e 2 189 0.578625
e 3 189 2.227422
e 189 4 -0.051597
e 189 5 -0.031047
e 189 6 -0.047546
e 0 190 1.292184
e 1 190 0.681025
e 2 190 0.912303
e 3 190 -0.233564
e 190 4 0.377425
e 190 5 0.442859
e 190 6 0.541464
e 0 191 -0.228846
e 1 191 0.747827
e 2 191 0.108030
e 3 191 -0.355110
e 191 4 0.071455
e 191 5 -0.017446
e 191 6 0.047236
e 0 192 -0.327747
e 1 192 0.089810
e 2 192 -0.671040
e 3 192 1.394902
e 192 4 -0.085936
e 192 193 -0.235246
e 192 6 0.000748
e 193 5 0.038164
e 1 193 1.642969
e 194 188 -0.207300
e 195 6 0.524891
e 196 185 -0.433622
e 0 197 -0.559048
e 1 197 1.851112
e 2 197 0.303479
e 3 197 -0.737802
e 197 4 -0.062797
e 197 5 0.001085
e 197 6 -0.096556
e 0 198 1.852292
e 1 198 0.905183
e 2 198 -0.461836
e 3 198 0.944572
e 198 4 -0.911042
e 198 5 -0.412301
e 198 6 -0.962264
e 0 199 0.031025
e 1 199 -0.648594
e 2 199 -0.544132
e 3 199 1.277613
e 199 4 -0.001618
e 199 5 -0.076201
e 199 6 -0.025914
e 0 200 -0.829100
e 1 200 0.334557
e 2 200 1.766394
e 3 200 -0.170764
e 200 4 0.061609
e 200 5 0.061556
e 200 6 0.053631
e 3 5 0.150751
e 201 176 0.210078
e 202 196 1.461729
e 203 188 -1.659543
e 177 196 -2.289366
e 204 137 1.455082
e 166 161 1.540305
e 151 165 -0.317558
e 205 5 -0.005228
e 205 192 0.243615
e 206 140 -0.749449
e 207 5 0.139631
e 182 206 0.202554
e 208 4 1.489494
e 209 20 0.186840
e 0 210 0.004284
e 1 210 1.457136
e 2 210 1.472991
e 3 210 -0.766195
e 210 4 0.160652
e 210 5 -0.377131
e 210 6 0.026909
e 0 211 -1.104742
e 1 221 0.316647
e 2 211 0.313170
e 3 211 -0.066633
e 211 4 -0.105782
e 211 5 -0.087669
e 211 223 0.165440
e 0 212 -5.592783
e 1 212 1.389612
e 2 212 -3.456144
e 3 212 -2.551540
e 212 4 -0.065343
e 212 5 -0.051778
e 212 6 -0.032530
e 0 213 -0.311376
e 1 220 -7.578507
e 2 213 -1.039696
e 3 213 1.293478
e 213 4 -0.007452
e 213 5 0.031898
e 213 222 0.733382
e 214 213 0.518244
e 0 224 0.380583
e 1 215 3.054510
e 2 215 -1.598412
e 3 215 -0.737895
e 215 4 -0.191441
e 215 5 -0.077889
e 215 6 -0.102867
e 0 216 1.224382
e 1 216 0.136130
e 2 216 0.417975
e 3 216 -0.595343
e 216 4 -0.159189
e 216 5 0.259184
e 216 6 -0.082767
e 0 225 -0.551923
e 1 217 1.065708
e 2 217 0.350617
e 3 217 -0.252606
e 217 4 0.323149
e 217 5 0.262687
e 217 226 0.213137
e 0 218 1.008288
e 1 218 -1.732303
e 2 218 0.651400
e 3 218 -0.927342
e 218 4 0.143166
e 218 5 0.087948
e 218 6 0.102956
e 219 215 0.647450
e 220 214 -0.071591
e 221 211 0.938990
e 222 6 0.134996
e 216 211 0.155111
e 223 6 -0.604772
e 224 219 0.219248
e 225 217 0.562384
e 226 6 0.208224
e 0 227 0.159020
e 1 227 -1.479343
e 2 227 -0.720612
e 3 227 1.966265
e 227 4 0.032685
e 227 5 0.001311
e 227 6 -0.260035
e 0 228 0.201791
e 1 228 0.243615
e 2 228 0.213673
e 3 228 -0.674099
e 228 236 0.817169
e 228 5 -0.480478
e 228 6 0.203163
e 0 229 0.712978
e 1 229 -0.057347
e 2 229 0.336834
e 3 237 1.009031
e 229 4 0.264523
e 229 5 -1.755399
e 229 6 0.221792
e 0 230 0.591206
e 1 230 1.362791
e 2 230 0.746911
e 3 230 -0.957771
e 230 4 1.667235
e 230 5 0.797780
e 230 6 1.440039
e 0 231 -0.003918
e 1 231 1.452680
e 2 231 1.480112
e 3 231 -0.763379
e 231 4 0.365629
e 231 5 -0.853086
e 231 6 -0.008700
e 0 232 -0.945177
e 1 232 0.183575
e 2 232 0.964970
e 3 232 0.051459
e 232 4 -0.051611
e 232 5 -0.120158
e 232 6 -0.089549
e 0 233 -3.279632
e 1 233 -5.259915
e 2 233 -2.429579
e 3 233 -2.538162
e 233 4 -0.750478
e 233 5 0.851691
e 233 235 -0.321292
e 0 234 -0.111188
e 1 234 -0.539581
e 2 234 -0.685493
e 3 234 1.284950
e 234 4 0.014386
e 234 5 -0.352882
e 234 6 0.203322
e 1 4 0.029470
e 234 231 0.494614
e 235 6 0.793052
e 236 4 0.339254
e 237 229 0.934450
e 235 230 -0.515399
