n 0 input identity
n 1 input identity
n 2 input identity
n 3 input identity
n 4 output sigmoid
n 5 output sigmoid
n 6 output sigmoid
n 7 hidden gaussian
n 8 hidden identity
n 9 hidden sine
n 10 hidden relu
n 11 hidden identity
n 12 hidden gaussian
n 13 hidden relu
n 14 hidden identity
n 15 hidden tanh
n 16 hidden gaussian
n 17 hidden sigmoid
n 18 hidden sigmoid
n 19 hidden relu
n 20 hidden sigmoid
n 21 hidden sigmoid
n 22 hidden identity
n 23 hidden tanh
n 24 hidden gaussian
n 25 hidden identity
n 26 hidden sine
n 27 hidden relu
n 28 hidden tanh
n 29 hidden gaussian
n 30 hidden gaussian
n 31 hidden gaussian
n 32 hidden identity
n 33 hidden sigmoid
n 34 hidden sigmoid
n 35 hidden sigmoid
n 36 hidden gaussian
n 37 hidden tanh
n 38 hidden tanh
n 39 hidden gaussian
n 40 hidden identity
n 41 hidden sine
n 42 hidden relu
n 43 hidden identity
n 44 hidden gaussian
n 45 hidden relu
n 46 hidden identity
n 47 hidden tanh
n 48 hidden gaussian
n 49 hidden sine
n 50 hidden tanh
n 51 hidden sine
n 52 hidden identity
n 53 hidden sine
n 54 hidden identity
n 55 hidden relu
n 56 hidden sine
n 57 hidden sigmoid
n 58 hidden sigmoid
n 59 hidden tanh
n 60 hidden tanh
n 61 hidden identity
n 62 hidden sine
n 63 hidden identity
n 64 hidden sine
n 65 hidden tanh
n 66 hidden identity
n 67 hidden identity
n 68 hidden tanh
n 69 hidden relu
n 70 hidden identity
n 71 hidden sigmoid
n 72 hidden tanh
n 73 hidden gaussian
n 74 hidden sine
n 75 hidden sine
n 76 hidden gaussian
n 77 hidden sine
n 78 hidden gaussian
n 79 hidden relu
n 80 hidden relu
n 81 hidden gaussian
n 82 hidden gaussian
n 83 hidden relu
n 84 hidden identity
n 85 hidden relu
n 86 hidden tanh
n 87 hidden identity
n 88 hidden identity
n 89 hidden relu
n 90 hidden sigmoid
n 91 hidden sigmoid
n 92 hidden identity
n 93 hidden tanh
n 94 hidden gaussian
n 95 hidden identity
n 96 hidden sine
n 97 hidden relu
n 98 hidden tanh
n 99 hidden gaussian
n 100 hidden gaussian
n 101 hidden gaussian
n 102 hidden identity
n 103 hidden sigmoid
n 104 hidden sigmoid
n 105 hidden sigmoid
n 106 hidden gaussian
n 107 hidden tanh
n 108 hidden tanh
n 109 hidden gaussian
n 110 hidden identity
n 111 hidden sine
n 112 hidden relu
n 113 hidden identity
n 114 hidden gaussian
n 115 hidden relu
n 116 hidden identity
n 117 hidden tanh
n 118 hidden gaussian
n 119 hidden sine
n 120 hidden tanh
n 121 hidden relu
n 122 hidden sine
n 123 hidden gaussian
n 124 hidden relu
n 125 hidden gaussian
n 126 hidden sigmoid
n 127 hidden tanh
n 128 hidden relu
n 129 hidden sine
n 130 hidden relu
n 131 hidden sine
n 132 hidden identity
n 133 hidden identity
n 134 hidden sine
n 135 hidden gaussian
n 136 hidden tanh
n 137 hidden sigmoid
n 138 hidden sigmoid
n 139 hidden tanh
n 140 hidden gaussian
n 141 hidden sigmoid
n 142 hidden sigmoid
n 143 hidden gaussian
n 144 hidden sine
n 145 hidden gaussian
n 146 hidden sigmoid
n 147 hidden sigmoid
n 148 hidden sigmoid
n 149 hidden gaussian
n 150 hidden sine
n 151 hidden sigmoid
n 152 hidden tanh
n 153 hidden sine
n 154 hidden sine
n 155 hidden identity
n 156 hidden sigmoid
n 157 hidden gaussian
n 158 hidden sine
n 159 hidden relu
n 160 hidden relu
n 161 hidden sigmoid
n 162 hidden gaussian
n 163 hidden relu
n 164 hidden identity
n 165 hidden sigmoid
n 166 hidden tanh
n 167 hidden gaussian
n 168 hidden sine
n 169 hidden sine
n 170 hidden gaussian
n 171 hidden sine
n 172 hidden gaussian
n 173 hidden relu
n 174 hidden relu
n 175 hidden sine
n 176 hidden gaussian
n 177 hidden sigmoid
n 178 hidden sine
n 179 hidden sigmoid
n 180 hidden tanh
n 181 hidden identity
n 182 hidden tanh
n 183 hidden gaussian
n 184 hidden identity
n 185 hidden identity
n 186 hidden gaussian
n 187 hidden gaussian
n 188 hidden sigmoid
n 189 hidden tanh
n 190 hidden relu
n 191 hidden identity
n 192 hidden sine
n 193 hidden gaussian
n 194 hidden relu
n 195 hidden tanh
n 196 hidden relu
n 197 hidden sine
n 198 hidden identity
n 199 hidden gaussian
n 200 hidden identity
n 201 hidden identity
n 202 hidden relu
n 203 hidden identity
n 204 hidden relu
n 205 hidden sine
n 206 hidden gaussian
n 207 hidden identity
n 208 hidden tanh
n 209 hidden gaussian
n 210 hidden sine
n 211 hidden sine
n 212 hidden tanh
n 213 hidden identity
n 214 hidden identity
n 215 hidden tanh
n 216 hidden sigmoid
n 217 hidden sigmoid
n 218 hidden tanh
n 219 hidden identity
n 220 hidden sigmoid
n 221 hidden identity
n 222 hidden sine
n 223 hidden gaussian
n 224 hidden relu
n 225 hidden tanh
n 226 hidden sine
n 227 hidden gaussian
n 228 hidden sine
n 229 hidden identity
n 230 hidden sigmoid
n 231 hidden sine
n 232 hidden identity
n 233 hidden identity
n 234 hidden sine
n 235 hidden tanh
n 236 hidden tanh
n 237 hidden relu
n 238 hidden gaussian
n 239 hidden identity
n 240 hidden relu
n 241 hidden sigmoid
e 0 7 0.997465
e 1 7 0.330660
e 2 7 2.173106
e 3 7 -0.128782
e 7 4 -1.241913
e 7 17 -1.896355
e 7 6 2.729691
e 0 8 -0.103043
e 1 8 -0.369660
e 2 8 -0.128056
e 3 8 0.798800
e 8 4 -0.080877
e 8 5 0.086897
e 8 6 -0.024244
e 0 9 -3.200082
e 1 9 -1.486005
e 2 9 -3.352710
e 3 9 -1.751667
e 9 4 0.006113
e 9 5 -0.005990
e 9 6 -0.045003
e 0 10 -7.018612
e 1 10 -4.772593
e 2 10 -4.071705
e 3 52 -6.073344
e 10 16 -0.260009
e 10 5 0.130657
e 10 6 -0.225209
e 0 11 0.042196
e 1 11 0.345071
e 2 11 0.083637
e 3 11 -0.571584
e 11 4 -0.087732
e 11 5 0.017063
e 11 6 0.031360
e 0 12 1.261923
e 1 12 -0.891495
e 2 12 -0.996011
e 3 12 -0.617457
e 12 18 -1.457325
e 12 5 0.013731
e 12 6 0.000672
e 0 13 -8.548375
e 1 13 -1.589434
e 2 15 2.743692
e 3 13 -2.636142
e 13 4 0.067216
e 13 5 0.423323
e 13 6 0.036617
e 0 14 -0.482962
e 1 14 -1.267936
e 2 14 -1.179084
e 3 14 2.536733
e 14 4 0.018771
e 14 5 0.031601
e 14 6 0.004511
e 15 13 -3.238928
e 16 4 0.102715
e 17 5 -0.990267
e 18 4 0.120396
e 16 5 -0.022586
e 10 14 1.471019
e 0 19 -9.778456
e 1 19 -44.227855
e 2 19 -6.537679
e 3 19 -4.905141
e 19 24 -0.927814
e 19 5 -0.131586
e 19 50 -0.015123
e 0 20 -9.791920
e 1 20 -19.753128
e 2 20 -1.602761
e 3 20 2.830703
e 20 4 -0.946376
e 20 5 -0.475196
e 20 6 0.086262
e 0 49 -1.985483
e 1 21 -2.367316
e 2 21 -2.061963
e 3 21 1.897779
e 21 4 -0.370884
e 21 5 -0.140683
e 21 6 -0.019758
e 0 22 0.035217
e 1 23 0.019794
e 2 22 0.194713
e 3 22 -0.440159
e 22 4 -0.007432
e 22 5 0.000220
e 22 6 -0.000756
e 23 22 1.917723
e 24 4 -1.222769
e 0 25 0.161257
e 1 25 -0.471238
e 2 25 -0.162917
e 3 25 0.336987
e 25 4 -0.060514
e 25 5 -0.023634
e 25 6 0.026973
e 0 26 0.553848
e 1 26 -1.551280
e 2 29 0.788016
e 3 26 0.557752
e 26 4 0.050378
e 26 5 -0.005582
e 26 6 0.047876
e 0 154 -3.327398
e 1 27 -1.011440
e 2 27 -4.793740
e 3 27 -3.623135
e 27 4 -0.078749
e 27 5 0.068703
e 27 6 -0.029303
e 0 28 -0.705727
e 1 28 -0.937506
e 2 28 -0.241092
e 3 28 0.795709
e 28 4 -0.008965
e 28 5 -0.118426
e 28 6 -0.020149
e 29 26 -0.719493
e 0 30 -1.436552
e 1 30 0.750688
e 2 30 0.398655
e 3 51 -0.982476
e 30 4 -0.084872
e 30 5 -0.426468
e 30 6 -0.437512
e 0 31 0.859185
e 1 31 0.546622
e 2 31 0.305950
e 3 31 0.878733
e 31 4 -1.013897
e 31 5 0.081597
e 31 6 -0.902897
e 0 32 -0.056099
e 1 32 -0.508818
e 2 32 -0.091597
e 3 32 0.785735
e 32 4 -0.019643
e 32 5 0.007805
e 32 6 0.009257
e 0 33 -1.205704
e 1 33 0.169183
e 2 33 1.654199
e 3 33 -0.392902
e 33 4 0.075284
e 33 5 0.166908
e 33 6 0.107070
e 0 34 -0.442304
e 1 34 0.172423
e 2 34 -0.733381
e 3 34 1.075141
e 34 4 0.105945
e 34 5 0.133195
e 34 6 0.071167
e 0 35 -1.590578
e 1 35 -2.191404
e 2 35 0.191395
e 3 35 1.889790
e 35 38 -0.577272
e 35 152 -0.022662
e 35 6 -0.017774
e 0 36 -0.800667
e 1 36 -2.259959
e 2 36 1.022436
e 3 36 -0.491730
e 36 4 -0.054331
e 36 5 -0.025308
e 36 6 0.037792
e 0 37 0.165559
e 1 37 -0.335855
e 2 37 -1.094879
e 3 37 0.361344
e 37 4 0.058844
e 37 5 -0.040380
e 37 6 0.099672
e 38 4 0.084545
e 0 39 1.003643
e 1 39 0.337374
e 2 39 2.174151
e 3 39 -0.125282
e 39 4 -1.238279
e 39 5 -1.892283
e 39 6 2.730955
e 0 40 -0.058070
e 1 40 -0.561265
e 2 40 -0.059560
e 3 40 0.802737
e 40 4 -0.044445
e 40 5 0.009110
e 40 6 0.023386
e 0 41 -3.100995
e 1 41 -1.893668
e 2 41 -3.118372
e 3 41 -1.729612
e 41 4 0.010397
e 41 5 -0.028088
e 41 6 -0.011505
e 0 42 -5.877857
e 1 42 -5.227148
e 2 42 -4.181783
e 3 42 -4.540342
e 42 48 -0.312013
e 42 5 -0.150050
e 42 6 -0.171163
e 0 43 0.016682
e 1 43 0.489532
e 2 43 0.019816
e 3 43 -0.580696
e 43 4 -0.076064
e 43 5 0.009262
e 43 6 0.035657
e 0 44 1.232824
e 1 44 -0.335259
e 2 44 -0.454577
e 3 44 -0.287188
e 44 4 0.120399
e 44 5 0.268136
e 44 6 0.504169
e 0 45 -8.036335
e 1 45 -2.340772
e 2 47 2.807895
e 3 45 -2.921722
e 45 4 0.113415
e 45 5 0.142616
e 45 6 0.090664
e 0 46 -0.303683
e 1 46 -0.937167
e 2 46 -0.855484
e 3 46 2.818244
e 46 4 0.004258
e 46 5 0.038639
e 46 6 -0.011133
e 47 45 -3.845258
e 48 4 0.120712
e 21 28 -1.141068
e 49 21 -0.722218
e 33 19 0.809355
e 50 6 0.016962
e 12 21 -0.022717
e 51 30 -0.292185
e 52 10 5.069334
e 0 53 -0.606969
e 1 53 2.142465
e 2 53 0.452005
e 3 53 -0.947695
e 53 4 0.059325
e 53 5 0.087694
e 53 6 0.085725
e 0 54 0.199756
e 1 54 -0.081413
e 2 54 0.356110
e 3 54 -0.790293
e 54 4 0.001539
e 54 5 -0.028317
e 54 57 0.120334
e 0 55 -3.922264
e 1 59 0.496874
e 2 55 -4.085573
e 3 55 -4.190264
e 55 4 0.021343
e 55 5 0.041380
e 55 6 0.002597
e 0 56 0.431788
e 1 56 1.263021
e 2 58 -0.252630
e 3 56 -3.132967
e 56 4 -0.096188
e 56 5 -0.022418
e 56 6 0.004955
e 57 6 0.016128
e 58 56 -0.307941
e 2 6 0.131056
e 59 55 -2.193481
e 53 55 -0.019405
e 0 60 0.768243
e 1 88 0.329863
e 2 60 -0.252987
e 3 60 0.530851
e 60 4 0.362695
e 60 5 0.459474
e 60 6 0.398555
e 0 61 0.024088
e 1 61 -0.483439
e 2 61 0.190415
e 3 61 0.203068
e 61 4 -0.014585
e 61 5 0.030796
e 61 6 -0.023753
e 0 62 0.113240
e 1 69 -1.229551
e 2 62 -1.999317
e 3 62 1.829541
e 62 4 0.134197
e 62 86 0.525267
e 62 6 0.196934
e 0 63 -0.098964
e 1 63 -0.018866
e 2 63 -0.129469
e 3 63 0.414980
e 63 4 0.037600
e 63 5 -0.085530
e 63 6 0.075108
e 0 241 0.484644
e 1 64 1.980887
e 2 64 1.064940
e 3 64 2.261854
e 64 4 0.061643
e 64 5 0.040904
e 64 6 0.007344
e 0 65 1.286262
e 1 65 0.641524
e 2 65 0.812563
e 3 65 -0.246164
e 65 4 -0.052115
e 65 5 -0.306007
e 65 6 -0.217836
e 0 66 0.076988
e 1 84 0.762822
e 2 66 0.140508
e 3 66 -0.038404
e 66 4 0.003263
e 66 5 -0.026990
e 66 6 0.012842
e 0 67 -0.440709
e 1 67 0.198240
e 2 67 -0.462571
e 3 67 1.403475
e 67 4 0.040582
e 67 68 -0.246806
e 67 6 0.029167
e 68 82 0.033125
e 1 68 1.666525
e 69 62 0.315476
e 0 79 -2.732942
e 1 70 0.810779
e 2 70 0.580869
e 3 70 -1.637838
e 70 4 -0.037737
e 70 5 0.054709
e 70 6 0.036701
e 0 71 1.009999
e 1 71 0.492305
e 2 71 -0.627020
e 3 71 -2.038685
e 71 4 0.256861
e 71 5 0.179672
e 71 6 0.214022
e 0 72 -0.090898
e 1 72 1.354484
e 2 72 -0.327753
e 3 72 -1.708861
e 72 4 0.110340
e 72 5 0.125616
e 72 6 0.121070
e 0 85 1.967036
e 1 73 1.903398
e 2 73 -0.125745
e 3 73 2.508150
e 73 4 0.219949
e 73 5 -0.012521
e 73 6 0.955291
e 0 74 -1.910136
e 1 74 -0.119286
e 2 74 -2.629668
e 3 80 0.131103
e 74 4 -0.027299
e 74 5 0.066723
e 74 6 -0.118783
e 0 75 -5.277280
e 1 75 -4.801963
e 2 75 -3.352858
e 3 83 -2.558677
e 75 4 -0.056378
e 75 5 -0.055350
e 75 6 -0.050898
e 0 76 -0.045682
e 1 76 -0.082035
e 2 76 2.239738
e 3 76 1.144097
e 76 4 -1.099628
e 76 5 -0.902873
e 76 6 -0.878800
e 0 78 -9.305114
e 1 77 -5.821284
e 2 77 -5.350040
e 3 77 -4.178929
e 77 4 -0.008928
e 77 5 -0.005657
e 77 6 0.008770
e 78 77 -0.715771
e 71 70 -0.313800
e 3 78 0.459193
e 79 81 -0.970850
e 75 77 0.733859
e 80 74 0.691050
e 2 78 0.667866
e 72 70 -0.318860
e 81 70 -0.172718
e 79 69 0.668872
e 70 65 -0.316672
e 82 5 0.307517
e 68 78 1.642010
e 83 75 -0.563825
e 84 66 -0.408580
e 85 87 -0.021921
e 83 71 0.255188
e 86 5 0.249194
e 59 56 1.213079
e 87 155 -1.565364
e 70 54 0.228375
e 88 60 0.339650
e 22 58 1.211136
e 45 42 -0.630776
e 0 89 -9.808060
e 1 89 -44.178964
e 2 89 -6.317052
e 3 89 -4.805832
e 89 94 -0.923696
e 89 5 -0.132321
e 89 120 -0.020772
e 0 121 -11.467573
e 1 90 -19.690955
e 2 90 -1.222357
e 3 90 3.009722
e 90 4 0.052044
e 90 5 0.047469
e 90 6 0.057023
e 0 119 -1.808830
e 1 91 -2.389018
e 2 91 -2.034306
e 3 91 1.896604
e 91 4 -0.360009
e 91 5 -0.141287
e 91 6 -0.011356
e 0 92 0.039023
e 1 93 0.011587
e 2 92 0.220931
e 3 92 -0.440583
e 92 4 -0.003248
e 92 5 0.003198
e 92 6 -0.000470
e 93 92 1.916005
e 94 4 -1.211472
e 0 95 0.211455
e 1 95 -0.501253
e 2 95 -0.221392
e 3 95 0.334776
e 95 4 -0.094668
e 95 5 0.014515
e 95 122 -0.022052
e 0 96 0.521450
e 1 96 -1.485873
e 2 99 0.717056
e 3 96 0.469612
e 96 4 -0.000633
e 96 5 -0.004033
e 96 6 -0.036486
e 0 97 -4.282675
e 1 97 -0.860755
e 2 97 -4.404584
e 3 97 -3.371743
e 97 4 -0.085727
e 97 5 0.050324
e 97 6 -0.067865
e 0 98 -0.733573
e 1 98 -0.939890
e 2 98 -0.245546
e 3 98 0.787795
e 98 4 0.033522
e 98 5 -0.108694
e 98 6 -0.002236
e 99 96 -0.705139
e 0 100 -2.251620
e 1 100 1.307058
e 2 100 0.588484
e 3 100 -0.968142
e 100 4 -0.410522
e 100 5 -0.476447
e 100 6 -0.499020
e 0 101 0.839077
e 1 101 0.542291
e 2 101 0.308621
e 3 101 0.868853
e 101 4 -1.018782
e 101 5 0.066803
e 101 6 -0.925580
e 0 102 -0.001451
e 1 102 -0.536700
e 2 102 -0.006788
e 3 102 0.822695
e 102 4 -0.025293
e 102 5 0.005671
e 102 6 0.002841
e 0 103 -0.600092
e 1 103 0.225174
e 2 103 1.785623
e 3 103 -0.214343
e 103 4 -0.106246
e 103 5 -0.137970
e 103 6 -0.173545
e 0 104 -0.432127
e 1 104 0.213056
e 2 104 -0.774823
e 3 104 1.057313
e 104 4 -0.070205
e 104 5 0.052145
e 104 6 0.038081
e 0 105 -1.512048
e 1 105 -2.240011
e 2 105 0.163616
e 3 105 1.880872
e 105 108 -0.572828
e 105 5 -0.117943
e 105 6 0.057378
e 0 106 -1.192339
e 1 106 -2.159670
e 2 106 0.981035
e 3 106 -0.598733
e 106 4 0.393883
e 106 5 0.389076
e 106 6 0.501325
e 0 107 0.231164
e 1 107 -0.197386
e 2 107 -1.278014
e 3 107 0.355559
e 107 4 0.414663
e 107 5 0.303321
e 107 6 0.207307
e 108 4 0.014011
e 0 109 1.005327
e 1 109 0.337857
e 2 109 2.174213
e 3 109 -0.124857
e 109 4 -1.239026
e 109 5 -1.892472
e 109 6 2.730095
e 0 110 -0.059654
e 1 110 -0.627882
e 2 110 -0.009829
e 3 110 0.810630
e 110 4 -0.050743
e 110 5 0.008340
e 110 6 0.028827
e 0 111 -3.087553
e 1 111 -1.908618
e 2 111 -3.266332
e 3 111 -1.757114
e 111 4 -0.065029
e 111 5 -0.015808
e 111 6 0.001808
e 0 112 -5.676677
e 1 112 -5.133560
e 2 112 -3.743687
e 3 112 -4.327483
e 112 118 -0.315208
e 112 5 -0.150784
e 112 6 -0.195692
e 0 113 0.018385
e 1 113 0.563390
e 2 113 -0.036775
e 3 113 -0.588547
e 113 4 -0.093824
e 113 5 -0.002070
e 113 6 0.056151
e 0 114 2.009927
e 1 114 -0.672503
e 2 114 -0.638785
e 3 114 -0.237544
e 114 4 -0.254408
e 114 5 -0.149950
e 114 6 -0.328878
e 0 115 -7.186226
e 1 115 -2.012491
e 2 117 2.765627
e 3 115 -2.607528
e 115 4 0.151574
e 115 5 0.141882
e 115 6 0.066134
e 0 116 -0.299383
e 1 116 -0.979722
e 2 116 -0.846423
e 3 116 2.840517
e 116 4 0.006506
e 116 5 0.026422
e 116 6 -0.001229
e 117 115 -3.545384
e 118 4 0.135107
e 91 98 -1.140897
e 119 91 -1.762552
e 103 89 0.713540
e 120 6 0.023478
e 121 90 -0.462027
e 122 6 -0.347056
e 99 97 -0.510685
e 0 123 0.809373
e 1 123 0.317333
e 2 123 0.741073
e 3 123 -0.391828
e 123 4 -1.106814
e 123 5 -0.804937
e 123 6 -0.538909
e 0 124 -2.288841
e 1 124 1.961361
e 2 130 -6.248477
e 3 124 -4.780989
e 124 4 -0.019356
e 124 5 0.011620
e 124 6 -0.019495
e 0 125 0.289780
e 1 125 1.057341
e 2 131 0.540459
e 3 125 0.394563
e 125 129 0.749279
e 125 5 0.093342
e 125 6 0.382726
e 0 128 -12.642227
e 1 127 -8.699288
e 2 126 -2.859449
e 3 126 -3.034612
e 126 4 -0.314015
e 126 5 -0.692053
e 126 6 -0.997010
e 127 126 0.359208
e 128 126 -2.519776
e 125 127 -1.692582
e 121 6 0.050030
e 129 4 1.024455
e 130 124 -0.376756
e 131 125 0.404835
e 0 132 -0.233693
e 1 132 -1.056729
e 2 149 0.054925
e 3 132 1.163124
e 132 4 0.007932
e 132 5 0.021187
e 132 6 0.013601
e 0 133 0.276742
e 1 133 0.326111
e 2 133 -0.577744
e 3 133 -0.220506
e 133 4 -0.030649
e 133 5 -0.039089
e 133 6 0.000546
e 0 134 -4.050355
e 1 134 -1.228401
e 2 134 -0.623752
e 3 134 0.416791
e 134 145 0.369144
e 134 5 0.014306
e 134 6 0.034097
e 0 135 1.538558
e 1 135 1.047917
e 2 135 0.445799
e 3 135 -0.657052
e 135 4 1.099454
e 135 5 0.810500
e 135 6 0.787698
e 0 136 -0.374652
e 1 136 0.053865
e 2 136 1.901168
e 3 136 -0.693044
e 136 4 0.299407
e 136 5 0.287079
e 136 6 0.305943
e 0 144 -1.456885
e 1 137 -3.232123
e 2 137 0.845128
e 3 137 -1.891535
e 137 4 -0.116601
e 137 5 -0.051842
e 137 6 -0.057740
e 0 147 0.674311
e 1 138 1.049604
e 2 138 -2.069526
e 3 138 1.133616
e 138 4 -0.107908
e 138 5 -0.069871
e 138 6 -0.194533
e 0 139 1.617048
e 1 139 -0.859791
e 2 139 1.307099
e 3 139 -1.082769
e 139 4 -0.191780
e 139 148 -0.364103
e 139 6 -0.147170
e 0 140 1.056688
e 1 140 1.269515
e 2 140 -2.978876
e 3 140 -0.169816
e 140 4 -0.044548
e 140 153 -0.103073
e 140 146 -0.207048
e 0 141 0.483460
e 1 141 1.208372
e 2 141 -0.268582
e 3 141 2.012722
e 141 4 0.880483
e 141 5 -0.156507
e 141 6 0.510956
e 0 142 0.302940
e 1 142 1.934906
e 2 151 0.108136
e 3 142 -0.301802
e 142 4 -0.049460
e 142 5 -0.125206
e 142 6 -0.025254
e 0 143 -0.014920
e 1 143 -0.236431
e 2 143 1.463327
e 3 143 1.705028
e 143 4 -0.582453
e 143 5 0.095661
e 143 6 -0.937960
e 144 137 1.760141
e 138 142 0.966554
e 137 135 -0.926860
e 145 4 -0.621145
e 3 5 0.348425
e 146 6 0.333003
e 147 138 -0.372316
e 148 5 0.750142
e 149 132 1.272688
e 134 147 0.473060
e 150 142 -0.333404
e 151 150 0.018326
e 152 5 -2.142269
e 153 5 -0.210616
e 49 65 0.241773
e 154 27 -0.436912
e 114 19 1.438445
e 155 73 0.574728
e 102 130 0.926204
e 0 161 -0.349524
e 1 156 0.759682
e 2 156 0.414052
e 3 156 0.878104
e 156 4 0.039720
e 156 5 -0.196131
e 156 6 0.406849
e 0 157 -0.162555
e 1 157 0.245444
e 2 178 1.541488
e 3 157 0.253523
e 157 4 -0.106732
e 157 5 -0.424963
e 157 6 -0.686739
e 0 158 -0.688204
e 1 158 1.368150
e 2 158 1.583557
e 3 158 0.296773
e 158 4 0.035165
e 158 160 -0.032648
e 158 6 0.034321
e 0 159 -1.133329
e 1 159 -0.870592
e 2 177 0.191088
e 3 159 0.319110
e 159 4 0.197848
e 159 5 0.218732
e 159 162 0.285160
e 160 5 0.047425
e 161 156 0.484161
e 162 6 -1.069702
e 1 163 0.832198
e 154 4 -0.000939
e 163 162 0.461656
e 163 161 2.815507
e 0 173 -2.489547
e 1 164 1.120812
e 2 164 0.771813
e 3 164 -1.537983
e 164 4 -0.015742
e 164 5 0.042190
e 164 6 0.045430
e 0 165 2.042080
e 1 165 -1.272895
e 2 165 0.020577
e 3 165 -1.743542
e 165 4 -0.069290
e 165 5 -0.004528
e 165 6 -0.059717
e 0 166 0.087155
e 1 166 1.151068
e 2 166 -0.065171
e 3 166 -1.863198
e 166 4 0.063639
e 166 5 0.053971
e 166 176 1.071074
e 0 167 1.985820
e 1 167 1.897151
e 2 167 -0.186844
e 3 167 2.468932
e 167 4 0.258971
e 167 5 0.051823
e 167 6 1.045944
e 0 168 -1.952573
e 1 168 -0.205904
e 2 168 -2.421685
e 3 174 0.044921
e 168 4 -0.006928
e 168 5 -0.122434
e 168 6 0.055445
e 0 169 -5.272350
e 1 169 -4.625834
e 2 169 -2.938696
e 3 169 -2.542855
e 169 4 0.076358
e 169 5 0.085733
e 169 6 0.093396
e 0 170 -0.040277
e 1 170 -0.168633
e 2 170 1.456634
e 3 170 1.082824
e 170 4 -1.407046
e 170 5 -0.842100
e 170 175 -0.404351
e 0 172 -9.307105
e 1 171 -6.357178
e 2 171 -5.828637
e 3 171 -4.695681
e 171 4 0.009865
e 171 5 -0.002981
e 171 6 0.004611
e 172 171 -0.738011
e 165 164 -0.454202
e 3 172 0.453032
e 173 164 -0.554732
e 169 171 0.729664
e 174 168 0.684523
e 2 172 0.651827
e 175 6 0.327855
e 174 164 1.420277
e 171 170 0.049475
e 176 6 -0.067893
e 156 174 0.086634
e 177 159 -0.808931
e 178 157 0.730982
e 0 179 -0.297182
e 1 179 1.896607
e 2 179 -2.333041
e 3 179 -0.513107
e 179 4 0.108087
e 179 5 0.218093
e 179 6 0.174663
e 0 180 1.241186
e 1 180 0.047411
e 2 180 -0.113973
e 3 180 -0.819051
e 180 4 -0.045528
e 180 5 -0.083295
e 180 196 -1.279301
e 0 181 0.155442
e 1 194 0.088718
e 2 181 0.065070
e 3 181 -0.192178
e 181 4 0.145180
e 181 5 -0.095627
e 181 6 -0.024748
e 0 182 1.590962
e 1 182 -1.150851
e 2 182 1.111655
e 3 182 -0.349708
e 182 199 1.579885
e 182 5 -0.105504
e 182 6 -0.078701
e 183 4 0.276411
e 0 195 -0.220993
e 1 184 -1.121338
e 2 184 -0.388562
e 3 184 2.346490
e 184 4 -0.116524
e 184 5 -0.039914
e 184 6 0.042630
e 0 193 0.003617
e 1 185 0.280432
e 2 185 0.027347
e 3 185 -0.473025
e 185 4 0.123604
e 185 200 0.067347
e 185 6 0.103877
e 0 186 0.191132
e 1 186 -0.382749
e 2 186 1.045594
e 3 186 0.702180
e 186 4 -1.109276
e 186 5 -1.910654
e 186 6 -0.905837
e 0 187 0.676282
e 1 187 1.371678
e 2 187 0.774614
e 3 187 -1.092090
e 187 4 1.495707
e 187 5 1.220685
e 187 6 1.580225
e 0 188 0.002956
e 1 188 1.439021
e 2 188 1.468733
e 3 188 -0.773694
e 188 4 0.504347
e 188 5 -0.790208
e 188 6 0.241618
e 0 189 -0.710978
e 1 189 -0.247194
e 2 189 1.047516
e 3 189 0.143721
e 189 4 -0.060997
e 189 198 0.092605
e 189 6 -0.137876
e 0 190 -12.074445
e 1 190 -5.424792
e 2 190 -6.277534
e 3 190 -3.824506
e 190 4 -0.619529
e 190 5 0.885142
e 190 192 -0.093935
e 0 191 0.309176
e 1 191 -0.000590
e 2 191 0.062573
e 3 197 1.169179
e 191 4 -0.167898
e 191 5 0.072215
e 191 6 0.006905
e 1 4 -0.044084
e 191 188 0.496353
e 192 6 0.390185
e 193 185 0.312240
e 191 181 0.336862
e 194 181 -2.143807
e 195 184 0.956914
e 196 6 0.013367
e 197 201 -0.577018
e 190 183 0.663526
e 198 5 -1.123115
e 199 183 1.045194
e 200 5 -1.886160
e 201 191 1.553452
e 0 202 -4.131335
e 1 202 -0.673772
e 2 202 -7.643703
e 3 208 -1.552023
e 202 4 -0.380759
e 202 5 -0.325382
e 202 206 0.397268
e 0 203 0.033030
e 1 203 0.666568
e 2 203 0.239125
e 3 203 -1.097600
e 203 4 -0.033807
e 203 5 0.085516
e 203 6 -0.025667
e 0 204 -2.516157
e 1 204 -3.531601
e 2 204 -1.316111
e 3 204 3.150999
e 204 209 -0.201918
e 204 5 0.072125
e 204 234 -0.019582
e 0 205 -0.439020
e 1 207 -0.394024
e 2 205 1.966970
e 3 205 -1.001567
e 205 4 -0.032888
e 205 5 -0.053704
e 205 6 -0.077232
e 206 6 -0.588636
e 207 205 1.393673
e 208 233 0.242843
e 209 4 -0.075734
e 210 6 0.976597
e 206 204 0.119586
e 0 211 0.858338
e 1 211 1.611640
e 2 211 1.016818
e 3 211 2.318258
e 211 216 0.015936
e 211 237 -0.115147
e 211 6 0.036696
e 0 239 1.306910
e 1 212 0.765290
e 2 212 0.844037
e 3 212 -0.182244
e 212 4 -0.261775
e 212 5 -0.050179
e 212 6 -0.083325
e 0 213 -0.106370
e 1 238 0.875114
e 2 213 0.276673
e 3 213 -0.107204
e 213 4 0.018048
e 213 5 0.202853
e 213 6 -0.108076
e 0 214 -0.560963
e 1 214 0.033677
e 2 214 -0.312821
e 3 214 1.155524
e 214 4 -0.028885
e 214 236 -1.009299
e 214 6 0.024165
e 215 5 0.185543
e 216 4 -1.881894
e 0 217 1.615500
e 1 217 0.954722
e 2 217 -0.033659
e 3 217 0.120951
e 217 4 0.308667
e 217 5 0.141332
e 217 6 0.219336
e 0 232 -0.442491
e 1 218 1.200294
e 2 218 2.520903
e 3 218 -0.979965
e 218 4 0.397401
e 218 5 0.281491
e 218 6 0.273331
e 0 219 -0.133353
e 1 219 -0.294402
e 2 219 0.071972
e 3 219 0.531819
e 219 4 -0.042718
e 219 5 0.095587
e 219 6 -0.049483
e 0 220 -1.111620
e 1 226 -0.910505
e 2 220 1.638290
e 3 220 0.048327
e 220 228 -0.014620
e 220 5 -0.002082
e 220 6 0.069451
e 0 235 0.257516
e 1 221 -0.438329
e 2 221 -0.453219
e 3 221 1.652213
e 221 4 -0.180819
e 221 5 -0.222059
e 221 6 -0.157245
e 0 222 1.567963
e 1 222 -1.353087
e 2 222 -0.288910
e 3 222 2.125586
e 222 4 -0.010107
e 222 5 -0.007056
e 222 6 -0.034308
e 0 227 0.123467
e 1 223 -0.348660
e 2 223 1.084617
e 3 223 0.075995
e 223 240 -0.545061
e 223 5 -0.113809
e 223 230 0.156853
e 0 224 -4.377982
e 1 224 -4.941983
e 2 224 -1.964893
e 3 224 -2.278805
e 224 4 -0.059611
e 224 225 0.080217
e 224 6 -0.709175
e 225 5 -1.262523
e 226 220 -0.332453
e 225 221 -1.937770
e 227 223 0.755067
e 228 4 1.163393
e 229 212 -1.642745
e 226 217 0.487943
e 211 224 0.108006
e 230 6 0.611057
e 231 221 0.642663
e 218 212 0.510409
e 232 218 0.954633
e 233 202 -0.125458
e 234 210 -0.128581
e 235 231 -0.871844
e 236 215 0.489795
e 237 5 -0.035504
e 238 213 -0.613901
e 239 229 -2.143510
e 205 233 -0.364330
e 240 4 0.869740
e 241 64 -0.868278
e 196 162 -3.630166
